温哥华天空网免责声明

1. 我们的用户协议
通过访问本网站温哥华天空网，查看，访问，或以其他方式使用创建服务或收集信息，编译提交到温哥华天空网，表示您同意遵守以下服务条款及细则约束。如果您不同意我们的条款，唯一的选择是不浏览，访问，使用我们的网站温哥华天空。 用户应当充分阅读, 理解并同意本协议的全部条款，您使用温哥华天空网表明您完全接受本协议，且本协议具有法律约束力。

2. 提供服务
您同意并承认温哥华天空网有进行修改，完善或终止其任何服务的权利，而不必另行通知，即便是导致您被阻止访问所载的任何信息。此外，您同意并承认温哥华天空网有权透过附属公司或关系企业向您提供服务。

3. 专有权利
您承认并同意，温哥华天空网可能包含的专利和机密信息，受包括商标，服务商标和专利知识产权法和国际知识产权条约的保护。温哥华天空网授权您浏览，离线管理，个人和非商业的使用。未经本网站书面许可我们的内容不可被出售，复制或散发。任何第三方的商标，服务标记及徽标均为其自己所有的财产。此处未明确授予的任何进一步的权利均予以保留。

4. 提交的内容
当您在温哥华天空网提交了内容，您同时授予温哥华天空网不可撤销的，全球性的，免版税的发布，展示，修改，散发和多家发布的许可权。您确认并保证您具有所要求的权限将上述许可授予温哥华天空网。

5. 终止协议
该协议的条款将永久适用，任何一方可在任何时间以任何理由终止为止，恕不另行通知。条款是永久适用不会受到本协议的终止影响。

6. 免责条款
您了解并同意，您使用温哥华天空完全由您自行承担风险，我们仅发布如您所描述的内容。温哥华天空不作出任何明示或暗示，为温哥华天空网上的信息，内容，材料或产品作保证和代言；这应包括但不限于，针对特定用途和非侵权的适销性和适用性的潜在担保；访问或使用本服务不会中断，没有错误或在服务中没瑕疵。

7. 责任范围
您了解并同意，温哥华天空及其任何附属或联属公司在任何情况下不需要负任何直接，间接，偶然，必然或惩罚性赔偿的责任。这应包括，但不限于利润损失，业务中断，商业信誉或工程失败；因使用或无法使用本服务导致，信息或其他无形资产的损失。任何永久或暂时性的终止以上的服务，或任何内容或信息的删除或损坏，或未能储存任何内容信息，责任范围取决于温哥华天空网是否已告知存在这种损害的可能性。在司法管辖区内，在对间接或附带损害的赔偿责任排除或限制上，温哥华天空网的的最大责任范围仅限于法律延伸许可内。

8. 延伸内容
温哥华天空网可能包含第三方内容，广告或网站的超链接。您承认并同意，温哥华天空网不对任何提供这样超链接的广告，产品或资源负责及认可。

9. 司法权
您明确了解并同意接受：完全由温哥华天空网指定该国，省或地区的法院的个人和专属管辖权去解决本协议和使用温哥华天空网时所产生的任何法律问题。如果有法律管辖权的法院裁定该协议的某一条款无效，则该将条款将从本协议中删除，其余的条款将继续有效。

10. 关于本协议
您理解并同意以上条款，您和V a n s k y.c o m之间对本协议达成共识。当您使用，购买或获得其他服务，关联服务或第三方内容或材料，您可能要接受额外的条款和条件。

11. 条款变更
温哥华天空网保留其在任何时候自行决定修改这些条款权利而无须通知。条款自变更发布之日生效，在条款变更后您继续使用温哥华天空网表示您同意受其约束。

V a n s k y Disclaimer
1. Acceptance of our Terms
By visiting the website V a n s k y.c o m, viewing, accessing or otherwise using any of the services or information created, collected, compiled or submitted to V a n s k y.c o m, you agree to be bound by the following Terms and Conditions of Service. If you do not want to be bound by our Terms your only option is not to visit, view or otherwise use the services of V a n s k y.c o m. You understand, agree and acknowledge that these Terms constitute a legally binding agreement between you and http://www.v a n s k y.c o m/ and that your use of V a n s k y.c o m shall indicate your conclusive acceptance of this agreement.

2. Provision of Services
You agree and acknowledge that V a n s k y.c o m is entitled to modify, improve or discontinue any of its services at its sole discretion and without notice to you even if it may result in you being prevented from accessing any information contained in it. Furthermore, you agree and acknowledge that V a n s k y.c o m is entitled to provide services to you through subsidiaries or affiliated entities.

3. Proprietary Rights
You acknowledge and agree that V a n s k y.c o m may contain proprietary and confidential information including trademarks, service marks and patents protected by intellectual property laws and international intellectual property treaties. V a n s k y.c o m authorizes you to view and make a single copy of portions of its content for offline, personal, non-commercial use. Our content may not be sold, reproduced, or distributed without our written permission. Any third-party trademarks, service marks and logos are the property of their respective owners. Any further rights not specifically granted herein are reserved.

4. Submitted Content
When you submit content to V a n s k y.c o m you simultaneously grant V a n s k y.c o m an irrevocable, worldwide, royalty free license to publish, display, modify, distribute and syndicate your content worldwide. You confirm and warrant that you have the required authority to grant the above license to V a n s k y.c o m.

5. Termination of Agreement
The Terms of this agreement will continue to apply in perpetuity until terminated by either party without notice at any time for any reason. Terms that are to continue in perpetuity shall be unaffected by the termination of this agreement.

6. Disclaimer of Warranties
You understand and agree that your use of V a n s k y.c o m is entirely at your own risk and that our services are provided "As Is" and "As Available". V a n s k y.c o m does not make any express or implied warranties, endorsements or representations whatsoever as to the operation of the V a n s k y.c o m website, information, content, materials, or products. This shall include, but not be limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement, and warranties that access to or use of the service will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in the service will be corrected.

7. Limitation of Liability
You understand and agree that V a n s k y.c o m and any of its subsidiaries or affiliates shall in no event be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or exemplary damages. This shall include, but not be limited to damages for loss of profits, business interruption, business reputation or goodwill, loss of programs or information or other intangible loss arising out of the use of or the inability to use the service, or information, or any permanent or temporary cessation of such service or access to information, or the deletion or corruption of any content or information, or the failure to store any content or information. The above limitation shall apply whether or not V a n s k y.c o m has been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of such damages. In jurisdictions where the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages is not allowed the liability of V a n s k y.c o m is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.

8. External Content
V a n s k y.c o m may include hyperlinks to third-party content, advertising or websites. You acknowledge and agree that V a n s k y.c o m is not responsible for and does not endorse any advertising, products or resource available from such resources or websites.

9. Jurisdiction
You expressly understand and agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the country, state, province or territory determined solely by V a n s k y.c o m to resolve any legal matter arising from this agreement or related to your use of V a n s k y.c o m. If the court of law having jurisdiction, rules that any provision of the agreement is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms and the remaining Terms will continue to be valid.

10. Entire Agreement
You understand and agree that the above Terms constitute the entire general agreement between you and V a n s k y.c o m. You may be subject to additional Terms and conditions when you use, purchase or access other services, affiliate services or third-party content or material.

11. Changes to the Terms
V a n s k y.c o m reserves the right to modify these Terms from time to time at our sole discretion and without any notice. Changes to our Terms become effective on the date they are posted and your continued use of V a n s k y.c o m after any changes to Terms will signify your agreement to be bound by them.