Site policy｜GHIBLI PARK 日本語 TOP What’s New Wait Times (Crowd Status) for Facilities Ticket Options and Prices Calendar Directions What is Ghibli Park? Ghibli’s Grand Warehouse Hill of Youth Dondoko Forest Mononoke Village Valley of Witches Shop・Eat・Play in the Park Shops Food Ghibli in the Park Expo 2005 Aichi Commemorative Park FAQs Official Partners Site policy HOME ⁄ Site policy Copyright Notice The copyrighted materials on this website operated by Ghibli Park Co. (hereafter referred to as "this site"), including but not limited to written text, illustrations, logos, and photographs, belong to Ghibli Park Co. and/or Studio Ghibli Inc. unless otherwise clearly specified. Use of full or partial copyrighted material on this site belonging to Ghibli Park Co. and/or Studio Ghibli Inc. including but not limited to reproduction, broadcast, and/or transmission in any form, software or otherwise, without consent is prohibited under copyright laws. Cookies and Access Data In order to make user access more convenient, this site automatically collects access data of users who browse the website using a technology called cookies. All the acquired information is "browser identification information." "Browser identification information" does not include specific personal information like names, addresses, contact email and addresses. Cookies are small data files that store the "browser identification information" of users who visit the website on a user's computer terminal (laptop, smartphone, tablet, etc.) and are widely used as a mechanism for saving website browsing records and other information and to confirm the user. Acquired Data This website uses cookies to automatically collect user's browsing time and date, URL, IP address, operating system, web browser type, and referrer information (information about which websites the user visits prior). The cookies used by this site do not include specific information about the individual user. Purpose of Access Data Use This site utilizes user access data to evaluate user numbers, research website traffic, and improve content, etc. through access analysis. This site uses access analysis tools to measure total number of terminals, number of views, browser history etc. for statistical purposes. Browsing history and other statistics provide insight for enhanced performance and website improvements. This website uses Google LLC "Google Analytics" access analysis tools. Opting out of Cookies You can refuse to accept cookies by managing your own browser settings, or through third-party opt-out services. Please be aware that if cookies are disabled, website content may not display properly and some features may not be available. How to Disable Cookies in Browser Settings By managing browser settings, you can refuse to accept cookies and can enable a warning to be displayed when cookies have been accepted, etc. For more information about how to set your browser, please check the "Help" menu for items like "Cookies." How to Disable Third-Party Cookies Please check the following websites for more information about how third-party cookies are used, how to disable third-party cookies, etc. Google LLC [Google Analytics] Privacy Policy（Data Protection） https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245 Opt-out（Google Analytics Opt-out Add-on） https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout In addition, Ghibli Park Co. is not responsible for any damages related to use of Google Analytics and/or Google Analytics Opt-out Add-on services. Recommended Browsers For optimal user experience on this site, the browsers listed below are recommended. In older browsers the page may look different than originally intended. For users with older browsers, please upgrade to the latest versions available before visiting the site. Windows10 ・Microsoft Edge ・Mozilla Firefox Latest version ・Google Chrome Latest version Macintosh ・Safari Latest version ・Mozilla Firefox Latest version ・Google Chrome Latest version iPad or iOS devices ・iOS15.X or later / standard Safari only Android devices ・Google Chrome Latest version Javascript For optimal user experience this site uses Javascript. If Javascript is not enabled in your browser the site will not display or operate properly, therefore, we recommend that users enable Javascript. Disclaimer Information posted on this site was done with great care, but accuracy is not guaranteed. Ghibli Park Co. is not responsible for any inconvenience, loss and/or damage that occurs related to use of this site. In addition, suspension or shutdown of operation of the website may occur and/or information on the site may be changed without notice. In that case, we are not responsible for any inconvenience, loss and/or damage that occurs. Content on this site may link to external websites. Ghibli Park Co. is not responsible for any inconveniences, loss and/or damage that occurs related to any external sites linked to content on this site. Established April 1, 2022 TOP What’s New Wait Times (Crowd Status) for Facilities Ticket Options and Prices Calendar Directions What is Ghibli Park? Ghibli’s Grand Warehouse Hill of Youth Dondoko Forest Mononoke Village Valley of Witches Shops Food Food / Transcontinental Flight Café Food / Flying OVEN Main Menu Food / Hotdog Stand "Hot Tin Roof" Menu Ghibli in the Park Ghibli in the Park / Rotunda Kazegaoka Cafeteria Expo 2005 Aichi Commemorative Park FAQs Official Partners Related Links Ghibli Museum, Mitaka in Japan ｜ Site policy ｜ © 2024 GHIBLI PARK Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. © 2024 Studio Ghibli