Mission, Vision, and Value | Company | DeNA Co., Ltd. loading Top Page Guide We Dedicate Ourselves to Entertain and to Serve Why Make a Smart City? DeNA by the Data DeNA Monozukuri People at DeNA Company Mission, Vision, and Value Message Overview Our People Milestones Logo Guideline Services Strategic Investment Office News IR To Our Investors IR News Financial Results Integrated Reports Corporate Governance Reports Other Materials Earnings Highlights Financial Position Cash Flow Dividends Stock Information General Meeting of Shareholders FAQ IR Calendar Disclaimer Sustainability LANGUAGE: JA / EN Top Page Guide We Dedicate Ourselves to Entertain and to Serve Why Make a Smart City? DeNA by the Data DeNA Monozukuri People at DeNA Company Mission, Vision, and Value Message Overview Our People Milestones Logo Guideline Services Strategic Investment Office News IR To Our Investors IR News Financial Results Integrated Reports Corporate Governance Reports Other Materials Earnings Highlights Financial Position Cash Flow Dividends Stock Information General Meeting of Shareholders FAQ IR Calendar Disclaimer Sustainability COMPANY Mission, Vision, and Value Message Overview Our People Milestones Logo Guideline Mission, Vision, and Value MISSION We delight people beyond their wildest dreams. VISION We will be the world’s premier provider of internet and AI technology to delight people everywhere. We seek to entertain and enrich lives, and to serve and make the world a better place. Each of us harnesses our individual strengths to make our unique business succeed. VALUE DeNA Promise Our Social Promise Commitment to Product & Service Quality Our utmost priority is the quality of our products and services, and we strive to deliver top-class delight to customers. Cooperation & Prosperity for All Creating prosperity for everyone in the community is a vital priority for us, and we always work with our business partners and other members of the community to have a positive impact in everything that we do. Embracing Challenges with Integrity We provide delight beyond imagination by embracing the challenges of pioneering new technology and service possibilities. We also face the social impact of technological progress with unwavering integrity. Acting with Transparency As a member of the community, we believe that transparency should be reflected in the actions of everyone on staff and in management. Providing Growth Opportunities for Diverse Employees We respect and celebrate diversity, and we seek to provide a unique and invaluable work experience, enabling our employees to contribute to society. Acting Sustainably As a global citizen, we strive for harmony with the economy, society, and the environment in order to contribute to a sustainable future. DeNA Quality One Team in Pursuit of Delight Focus on Substance We focus on providing true value. Surface of Sphere Each of us represents DeNA, and we bring that spirit and sense of responsibility to everything that we do. All In With a "two ranks up" perspective, we strive for both personal and organizational growth. Speak Up & Transparency We value transparent and open communication to deliver results as a team. Let's Enjoy the Journey Whether we succeed or fail in the challenges we take on, we learn every step of the way to ensure a fulfilling journey. DeNA Group Code of Conduct All the executives and employees of the DeNA Group are required to fully understand the contents and act in accordance with this Code. PDF Top Page Company Mission, Vision, and Value Top Page Guide Company Services News IR Sustainability OFFICIAL SNS : Legal Contact Us Privacy Policy © 2022 DeNA Co., Ltd. LANGUAGE: JA / EN Top Page Guide We Dedicate Ourselves to Entertain and to Serve Why Make a Smart City? DeNA by the Data DeNA Monozukuri People at DeNA Company Mission, Vision, and Value Message Overview Our People Milestones Logo Guideline Services Strategic Investment Office News IR To Our Investors IR News Financial Results Integrated Reports Corporate Governance Reports Other Materials Earnings Highlights Financial Position Cash Flow Dividends Stock Information General Meeting of Shareholders FAQ IR Calendar Disclaimer Sustainability OFFICIAL SNS : Legal Contact Us Privacy Policy