ログイン - WEAR WEAR アプリを無料でダウンロード ダウンロード WEAR ログイン 忘れた場合 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. 他のアカウントでログイン ZOZOTOWNでログイン Xでログイン Facebookでログイン アカウントを持っていない方 新規会員登録する © ZOZO, Inc. 言語 日本語 English 繁体中文 简体中文 COPYRIGHT © ZOZO, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. サイト内の文章、画像などの著作物は株式会社ZOZOに属します。複製、無断転載を禁止します。 Terms and Conditions / Handling of Personal Information In order to use the "WEAR" services, you are required to agree to these Terms and Conditions, and the handling of personal information. Please check the following items. * For more information on how we handle personal information, please see our Privacy Policy . We may collect and use your personal information as follows. (Required) The purpose of the collection and use of personal information (1) For identification when logging into and for use of WEAR services Particulars of personal information to be collected • name/nickname • WEAR ID and password • email address • country or region of residence • information about information communication terminals • information about connections to the Internet (including location information, referrers, IP addresses, time stamps, and server log information) (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Login information”) • Online behavioral data（Information linked when a user displays, clicks, searches for content, or accesses other websites operated by ZOZO from WEAR services, such as WEAR ID,ID Associated with content posted or uploaded by users, search word on WEAR services,etc.） • Personal information you have entered voluntarily in WEAR service (sex/gender, birth date, height, country or region of residence, information about your profile (images, self-introductory text, etc.), clothing size, content posted or uploaded by users (images, comments, etc.)) (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Entered information”) The period of retaining and using personal information Until 2 years after closing of your account (2) For use in product development and research Particulars of personal information to be collected • name/nickname • WEAR ID and password • email address • country or region of residence • Login information • Entered information The period of retaining and using personal information Until 2 years after closing of your account * You may refuse to consent to the above. However, if you do not provide consent, you may not be able to use WEAR services functions that require you to login (profile settings, favorite folders, closets, coordinate submissions, etc.). We may collect and use your personal information as follows. (Optional) * We don’t automatically collect your personal information immediately after you give your consent. However, if you enter the personal information on the WEAR Services, we will collect and use your personal information as follows. The purpose of the collection and use of personal information (1) For identification when logging into and for use of WEAR services Particulars of personal information to be collected • sex/gender • birth date • height • country or region of residence • information about your profile (images, self-introductory text, etc.) • clothing size • content posted or uploaded by users (images, comments, etc.) • enquiries information The period of retaining and using personal information Until 2 years after closing of your account (2) For advertising and marketing purposes Particulars of personal information to be collected • email address The period of retaining and using personal information Until 2 years after closing of your account (3) For use in product development and research Particulars of personal information to be collected • sex/gender • birth date • height • country or region of residence • information about your profile (images, self-introductory text, etc.) • clothing size • content posted or uploaded by users (images, comments, etc.) The period of retaining and using personal information Until 2 years after closing of your account We may transfer your personal information to third parties overseas. (Required) The country to which the personal information is transferred Japan Name of the entity to which the personal information is transferred and the contact information of the person responsible for the management of information ZOZO NEXT, Inc. CEO Sawada Kotaro Click here to contact us Transfer date and method (Transfer date) Transfer irregularly as requested by where to transfer (Transfer method) • Transfer by data file • Transfer data through sharing with Cloud Services • Transfer data via API Particulars of the personal information to be transferred As per the particulars of the personal information to be collected above The purpose of using personal information by the entity to which the information is transferred Research and development of services related to fashion The period of retaining and using personal information Until 2 years after closing of your account The country to which the personal information is transferred Japan Name of the entity to which the personal information is transferred and the contact information of the person responsible for the management of information yutori, inc. Representative Director Kataishi Takanori Click here to contact us Transfer date and method (Transfer date) Transfer irregularly as requested by where to transfer (Transfer method) • Transfer by data file • Transfer data through sharing with Cloud Services • Transfer data via API Particulars of the personal information to be transferred As per the particulars of the personal information to be collected above The purpose of using personal information by the entity to which the information is transferred Manufacture, sale, and marketing of garments under the company's own apparel brands The period of retaining and using personal information Until 2 years after closing of your account The country to which the personal information is transferred United States of America Name of the entity to which the personal information is transferred and the contact information of the person responsible for the management of information ZOZO Apparel USA, Inc. CEO Utahiro Inui Click here to contact us Transfer date and method (Transfer date) Transfer irregularly as requested by where to transfer (Transfer method) • Transfer by data file • Transfer data through sharing with Cloud Services • Transfer data via API Particulars of the personal information to be transferred As per the particulars of the personal information to be collected above The purpose of using personal information by the entity to which the information is transferred Sales and marketing of fashion-related products utilizing measurement technology The period of retaining and using personal information Until 2 years after closing of your account The country to which the personal information is transferred New Zealand Name of the entity to which the personal information is transferred and the contact information of the person responsible for the management of information ZOZO NEW ZEALAND LIMITED CEO Adam Michael Finkelstein Click here to contact us Transfer date and method (Transfer date) Transfer irregularly as requested by where to transfer (Transfer method) • Transfer by data file • Transfer data through sharing with Cloud Services • Transfer data via API Particulars of the personal information to be transferred As per the particulars of the personal information to be collected above The purpose of using personal information by the entity to which the information is transferred Research and development of measurement technology The period of retaining and using personal information Until 2 years after closing of your account * You may refuse to consent to the above. However, if you do not provide consent, you may not be able to use WEAR services functions that require you to login (profile settings, favorite folders, closets, coordinate submissions, etc.). We will use your personal information for advertising and marketing purposes. (Optional) You are at least 14 years old. (Required) * WEAR services are not available to persons under 14 years of age. You agree to the Terms and Conditions , and Website Privacy Policy . (Required) I Agree CLOSE ZOZOTOWNアカウントでログイン 忘れた場合 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply ZOZOTOWNで他サービスIDをご利用の場合は、 パスワードを取得してください 。詳細は こちら