Privacy Policy｜ユーザー分析DMP Juicer メニュー 機能紹介 ペルソナ分析 NPS ® A/Bテスト BtoB分析 リードスコアリング ポップアップバナー プランと料金 よくある質問 資料ダウンロード ブログ お問い合わせ ログイン 無料で利用する Privacy Policy Privacy Policy LOGLY, Inc (“LOGLY”) sincerely recognizes the importance of personal information in terms of providing its services including marketing services. When handling personal information in the course of business, LOGLY will consolidate its organizational structure and strive to protect personal information appropriately, thereby meeting the expectations and confidence for LOGLY. Compliance with Laws and Regulations LOGLY will comply with the guidelines and other regulations set forth by the government concerning personal information and will strive to protect personal information appropriately. Acquisition, Use and Provision of Personal Information LOGLY will define the purpose of use of personal information within the scope of its business activities, and will acquire, use, and provide personal information fairly and appropriately to the extent necessary to achieve the purpose of use. LOGLY will take measures to prevent the use of the acquired personal information for any purpose other than the intended use. Appropriate Management of Personal Information LOGLY fully recognizes the dangers of unauthorized access, loss, destruction, falsification, and divulgement of personal information handled by LOGLY, and implements reasonable measures for the safety of the personal information. In the event of any problem, LOGLY will make appropriate corrections. Continuous Improvement LOGLY will consolidate management rules and management systems relating to the protection of personal information and LOGLY and its employees will thoroughly implement them. At the same time, we will regularly review them to make continuous improvements. Response to Inquiries LOGLY will appropriately respond to inquiries from the person for the disclosure, amendment, ceasing of use and complaint consultation regarding the personal information handled by LOGLY. Established on October 8, 2013 Amended on October 19, 2017 LOGLY, Inc Representative Director Hirokazu Yoshinaga Contact Information Regarding the Protection of Personal Information Complaints and Consultation Desk of LOGLY, Inc juicer@logly.co.jp Personal Information Handled by LOGLY LOGLY engages to appropriately protect personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In connection with the personal information that LOGLY have acquired or retained for business use, LOGLY hereby informs you as follows: 01. Name of Business Operator Handling Personal Information LOGLY, Inc 7F Unosawa-Tokyu Building1-19-15 Ebisu, Shibuya-ku Tokyo 150-0013, Japan 02. Purpose of Use of Personal Information The purpose of use of personal information handled by LOGLY for its business activities shall be as follows: (i) Purpose of Use of Personal Information Acquired Directly in Writing Type of personal information Purpose of use Classification Business partners’ information To provide information on LOGLY’s operation, communicate for business purposes, and announce information. Disclosed Customer information To communicate with customers in order to provide the services they prefer, and manage after-care services provided to customers; to identify the users when they login; to distribute information through e-mail newsletter or other media; to provide the LOGLY’s services through website that LOGLY offer; to respond to inquiries of customers; and to prepare statistical data and to use as a material for development of LOGLY’s new service, upon processing the information in order not to identify the relevant individuals. Disclosed Inquiry information To access and communicate the person by correspondence, facsimile, e-mail, telephone or verbal inquiries. Disclosed Otherwise, the purpose of use shall be as specified in writing separately. (ii) Purpose of Use of Personal Information Acquired Other Than Directly in Writing Type of personal information Purpose of use Classification Personal information acquired through the entrusted business To perform the entrusted work and to fulfill its agreement. Not-disclosed 03. Contact for Personal Information Contact Contact number for complaints regarding the handling of personal information juicer@logly.co.jp Contact number for requests to disclose personal information, etc. juicer@logly.co.jp 04. Name of the Authorized Personal Information Protection Organization to Which LOGLY Belongs and Contact Information for Resolution of Complaint Not applicable. 05. Procedures for Disclosure. In the case where a person made a request of disclosure (or notification of the purpose of use, disclosure, correction, addition or deletion of content, suspension of use, deletion of use, or suspension of provision to a third party) as to its personal information subject to disclosure, LOGLY shall respond, correct, add or delete information, suspend use, or delete the personal information within a reasonable period of time and scope after confirming that the request was submitted by the person or its agent qualified for filing the request. Please note, however, that as a result of suspension of use or deletion of some or all of the information upon such a request, we may not be able to provide our services in accordance with the demand of the person. (Please further note that the information possessed by LOGLY in accordance with relevant laws and regulations may not be subject to a request for suspension of use or deletion of such information.) Method to Request Disclosure, and Contact for Disclosure LOGLY shall accept the requests for disclosure of the personal information subject to disclosure by the following methods. (Please note that a request for disclosure that does not follow the following method may not be accepted.) Procedure Please fill in the prescribed “Request Form for Disclosure” and send it to the contact desk below enclosed with the necessary documents. (The mailing fee shall be borne by the person filing the request.) LOGLY will respond by delivering a document after confirming that the request is filed by the qualified person (or its agent) in accordance with the following methods. Application Method Fill in the required information in the prescribed “Request Form for Disclosure” and send it to the contact desk enclosed with the identification documents or, in the case of filing by an agent, the proxy documents. (No commission is charged for the filing of request.) Identity Confirmation Method (For a request filed by the person himself/herself) A copy of one of the official certificates of the person, such as the driver’s license and the health insurance certificate. (For a request filed by the agent) A copy of the official certificates of the agent, such as the driver’s license and the health insurance certificate, and the power of attorney issued by the person. * Please black out the confidential information, such as domicile of origin, in the copies of official certificates filed for request of disclosure. 06. Use of Cookies or Similar Technologies by Third-Party Enterprises LOGLY and third-party companies, such as LOGLY’s partners, may send cookies or similar technologies to users’ browsers through web services operated by LOGLY or web sites using such services. If the browser is configured to accept cookies or similar technologies, the cookies or similar technologies associate the browsing history and other such information. LOGLY will use such attribute information only within the scope of the intended purpose of use set forth in this Privacy Policy. LOGLY may provide cookies or similar technologies and related information to third-party companies in accordance with the “Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties” mentioned below. The use of cookies or similar technologies by the third-party companies is subject to the privacy policy of the third-party companies. The major third-party companies and their privacy policies, which may be relevant, are listed below. For details, please refer to the website of each company. Juicer Please note that some website pages and functions with the services that LOGLY offers become unavailable if cookies are disabled by pressing the button below. Disable cookies Google Japan LLC https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=ja Yahoo Japan Corporation http://marketing.yahoo.co.jp/service/ad_privacy.html Facebook, Inc. https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation LINE https://terms.line.me/line_rules/?lang=ja Twitter https://help.twitter.com/ja/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies Oracle Corporation https://www.oracle.com/jp/legal/privacy/marketing-cloud-data-cloud-privacy-policy.html Treasure Data inc. https://www.treasuredata.com/privacy Intimate Merger, Inc. https://corp.intimatemerger.com/privacypolicy/ DataCurrent Inc. https://www.datacurrent.co.jp/datapolicy-en/ Eyeota Pte Ltd https://get.eyeota.com/privacy-jp salesforce.com Co., Ltd. https://www.salesforce.com/jp/company/privacy/full_privacy.jsp Tapad, Inc. https://tapad.com/privacy-policy Data Chemistry Inc. https://data-chemistry.co.jp/privacy/ Video Research Ltd. https://www.videor.co.jp/about_tokutei.htm uSonar Co., Ltd. https://usonar.co.jp/privacy/statement.html#product 07. Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties LOGLY will not generally disclose or provide the personal information that LOGLY acquires to the third parties. However, LOGLY may exceptionally disclose or provide the personal information to the third parties in any of the following cases, where LOGLY will impose on the relevant third parties the duty for appropriate management of the personal information equivalent to the duty LOGLY assumes: (i)	LOGLY obtains a consent of the principal; (ii) the work of handling personal information is entrusted, in whole or in part, to any third party to the extent necessary for LOGLY to achieve the purpose of use; (iii)	LOGLY utilizes the personal information with specific companies or entities and LOGLY informed the principal of, or disclosed, the purpose of use and the fact that the information will be so utilized; (iv) the personal information is required to be provided or disclosed to any third party under any applicable law or regulation; and (v)	the personal information is requested to be provided or disclosed by a governmental body or local government in order to avoid the dangers to life, body or property of the third parties. Inquiry Desk Contact Information Address: 7F Unosawa-Tokyu Building1-19-15 Ebisu, Shibuya-ku Tokyo 150-0013, Japan E-mail: juicer@logly.co.jp ページ上部へ 機能紹介 プランと料金 よくある質問 資料ダウンロード ブログ お問い合わせ サイトマップ 利用規約 プライバシーポリシー PrivacyPolicy(English) 特定商取引法に関する表示 運営会社 無料で利用する ログイン Facebook Twitter はてなブックマーク Juicer（ジューサー） Juicerはビッグデータ×人工知能により、見込み客を理解すること、理想的なOne to Oneコミュニケーションの仕組みと環境づくりを目指しています。 ユーザー分析、アクセスログ解析、A/Bテスト、パーソナライゼーション、ポップアップ、NPS ® 、広告連携、CRM連携などを提供しております。 Copyright(C) Juicer.cc