Logo Guideline | Company | DeNA Co., Ltd. loading Top Page Guide We Dedicate Ourselves to Entertain and to Serve Why Make a Smart City? DeNA by the Data DeNA Monozukuri People at DeNA Company Mission, Vision, and Value Message Overview Our People Milestones Logo Guideline Services Strategic Investment Office News IR To Our Investors IR News Financial Results Integrated Reports Corporate Governance Reports Other Materials Earnings Highlights Financial Position Cash Flow Dividends Stock Information General Meeting of Shareholders FAQ IR Calendar Disclaimer Sustainability LANGUAGE: JA / EN Top Page Guide We Dedicate Ourselves to Entertain and to Serve Why Make a Smart City? DeNA by the Data DeNA Monozukuri People at DeNA Company Mission, Vision, and Value Message Overview Our People Milestones Logo Guideline Services Strategic Investment Office News IR To Our Investors IR News Financial Results Integrated Reports Corporate Governance Reports Other Materials Earnings Highlights Financial Position Cash Flow Dividends Stock Information General Meeting of Shareholders FAQ IR Calendar Disclaimer Sustainability COMPANY Mission, Vision, and Value Message Overview Our People Milestones Logo Guideline Logo Guideline Corporate Logo We delight people beyond their wildest dreams. Delight DeNA is committed to bringing delight to people all over the world through its services. The logo's initial letter "D" is a smile emoticon, symbolizing the company's ongoing pursuit of customer delight. Policy on DeNA Logo As a general rule, using the DeNA logo is not allowed. If you wish to obtain permission for a specific exceptional purpose, please contact DeNA. Logo and Brand Color Factors such as the corporate logo and brand colors are very important elements for brand-building. By using them correctly, we can convey a consistent image of the DeNA brand. * Be sure to comply with the above values when creating RGB image data from CMYK vector data. Logo Colors and Color Variations The logo itself must be in black or white. However, you may place the logo on a colored background, image, or illustration. When placing the logo on a complex background, ensure that the entire logo can be read clearly. The logo itself must be in black or white. Area of Isolation It is important that the DeNA logo is isolated and readable. In order to achieve this, you must allow a certain area of isolation (protected area) around the logo and must not display any other design elements or characters in this area. The protected area shown below is the minimum that must be left clear. Be sure to leave as much of a margin as possible when displaying the logo. The Minimum Logo Size When using the logo in printed media, it must be at least 12 mm in width. When displaying it on a screen as web contents, etc., it must be at least 36 px in width. Be sure to observe the minimum logo size, as making it smaller than these standards
        may cause details, reproducibility and image quality to be lost. Rules on the Delight mark Separating the Delight mark from the DeNA logo and using it on its own in prohibited, except in cases of express agreement from DeNA. In order to use the Delight mark, an application needs to be filed with DeNA. If you wish to do so, please contact us and indicate your intention to use the icon. Prohibited Usages of the Logo (Examples) The DeNA logo can only fulfill its purposes and communicate DeNA's brand image if it is used correctly. As the central element of the brand, the DeNA logo needs to be handled with great care. Be sure never to use the logo improperly, such as in the following examples. Exceptions can be made when using the DeNA logo in combination with another service logo. Location Logo Colors and Color Variations The logo itself must be in black or white. However, you may place the logo on a colored background, image, or illustration. When placing the logo on a complex background, ensure that the entire logo can be read clearly. Inquiries For any inquiries regarding the Logo Guideline, please contact us from the page at the following link. Go to the Contact Page Top Page Company Logo Guideline Top Page Guide Company Services News IR Sustainability OFFICIAL SNS : Legal Contact Us Privacy Policy © 2022 DeNA Co., Ltd. LANGUAGE: JA / EN Top Page Guide We Dedicate Ourselves to Entertain and to Serve Why Make a Smart City? DeNA by the Data DeNA Monozukuri People at DeNA Company Mission, Vision, and Value Message Overview Our People Milestones Logo Guideline Services Strategic Investment Office News IR To Our Investors IR News Financial Results Integrated Reports Corporate Governance Reports Other Materials Earnings Highlights Financial Position Cash Flow Dividends Stock Information General Meeting of Shareholders FAQ IR Calendar Disclaimer Sustainability OFFICIAL SNS : Legal Contact Us Privacy Policy