Privacy Policy | AS ONE JavascriptがOFFのため正しく表示されない可能性があります。 JAPANESE Menu Products & Catalogs Company Information Company Information Top President's Message Management Philosophy & Vision Company Overview History Fields of Business Subsidiary Movie Close Investor Relations Contact TOP Privacy Policy Privacy Policy AS ONE CORPORATION keeps the personal information of customers, business partners, board members and employees in the course of operating a wholesale distribution business of research instruments and equipment, nursing and care products, and other scientific instruments. It is our social responsibility to appropriately protect such personal information. To this end, we will comply with the management system for the protection of personal information, handle personal information accurately and sincerely, and carry out highly transparent corporate activities. We will appropriately obtain, use and provide the personal information of customers, business partners, board members and employees in consideration of our business activities concerning the wholesale distribution of research instruments and equipment, nursing and care products and other scientific instruments. We will not handle personal information beyond the scope necessary to achieve the specified purposes of use. We will also take measures therefor. We will comply with laws and regulations, guidelines established by the national government, and other rules concerning the proper handling of personal information. We will clarify the rules and regulations concerning the handling of personal information and make them known to employees. In addition, we request subcontractors, etc. who handle personal information to handle the same appropriately. We will respond to complaints and consultation regarding personal information in good faith. We will take preventive and corrective measures necessary to prevent leakage, loss or damage, etc. in respect of the personal information we hold. We will continually improve the management system for the protection of personal information as necessary to ensure that personal information is handled more appropriately. AS ONE CORPORATION Takuji Iuchi, President and Representative Director Established on March 31, 2005 Last revised on May 21, 2018 Handling of Personal Information 1. Purpose of Use of Retained Personal Data We will use the personal information of customers, our board members and employees, job applicants and retired employees (hereinafter referred to as "Customers, etc.") to the extent necessary to achieve the following purposes of use. Type of Personal Information Purpose of Use (1) Personal information of our customers Delivery of products (including rental products), sample products and catalogues Promotion and provision of information on exhibitions, products and services Proposals and estimates for products and services Confirmation of orders, performance of services and invoicing and collection of payment Sending of questionnaires Response to inquiries, consultation and requests, etc. Creation of statistical data Other purposes for which prior consent has been given by customers in advance (2) Personal information about customers who made an inquiry Response to inquiries, consultation and requests, etc. Promotion and provision of information on exhibitions, products and services Sending of questionnaires Creation of statistical data (3) Personal information of board members and employees Decisions on placement, wages and other treatment Career development and human resource development Evaluations of performance appraisal etc. Tax, social insurance and other procedures under relevant laws and regulations Provision of benefits Health management and health and hygiene Maintenance, operation and monitoring of information systems Communication and contacting related to business, products and services, etc. Measures necessary for other labor management and business operation management (4) Personal information of job applicants Screening and hiring of job applicants Response to inquiries, consultation and requests, etc. (5) Personal information of retired employees Measures necessary for labor management and business operation management Tax, social insurance and other procedures under relevant laws and regulations Response to inquiries, consultation and requests, etc. We will continue to use personal information held by us as of March 31, 2005 for the purposes of use set forth above. 2. Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties We will not disclose or provide the personal information of Customers, etc. to any third party except in any of the following cases: The consent of the Customers, etc. is obtained; It is provided upon carrying out appropriate supervision, such as the execution of a non-disclosure agreement regarding personal information; It is provided to suppliers and transportation companies, etc. in order to request the delivery of products, sample products and catalogues, etc.; It is disclosed or provided in a state in which the individual cannot be identified, such as statistical data; Disclosure or provision is required by laws and regulations; or Personal information (items specified by us among name, organization/department name, title, address, telephone number, facsimile number and e-mail address) necessary for the registration and implementation, etc. is provided to other companies so that such other companies provide the services to customers through us. 3. Outsourcing of Personal Information Handling We may outsource the handling of customers' personal information to an outside entity, etc. to the extent necessary to achieve the purposes of use. In relation to such outsourcing, we will carry out appropriate supervision of subcontractors, such as the execution of a non-disclosure agreement for personal information. 4. Procedures for Disclosure, etc. of Personal Information If you wish to make a request for notification of the purposes of use, for disclosure, correction, addition to or deletion of the content, suspension of use, deletion, or suspension of provision to third parties (hereinafter referred to as "Disclosure, etc.") of personal information subject to disclosure as stipulated in JIS Q 15001, please follow the procedures below. Please contact our "Personal Information Help Desk in the General Affairs Department" (Telephone: 06-6447-1253), fill in the required fields in the prescribed application form for Disclosure, etc. of personal information that we will send to you after your request is processed, and send it back by mail to our "Personal Information Help Desk in the General Affairs Department" together with a copy of your identification document (driver's license card, health insurance card or My Number card). Our written response to your application for Disclosure, etc. will be sent to you via postal mail (using an ID confirmation delivery service). In the case of data correction and an application for suspension of use, the required documents will be enclosed with the written response. A separate fee will be required for the procedures for Disclosure, etc. 5. Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies Cookies (hereinafter described as "Cookies") are one of the standard features of websites and are small files containing letters, numbers and symbols stored on browsers used on devices such as computers, smartphones and tablets. We use Cookies for various purposes described below. We will not use Cookies or any information obtained by using Cookies for any purpose other than the following. Type of Cookies Specific Function of Cookies Purpose of Use Whether to Disable Strictly Necessary Cookies (*1) Website infrastructure Session management Required function/cannot be disabled Product search function Session retention in search function, retention of search history, and acquisition of post-search operations Function to retain login information Retention of login information, retention of cart information, and session management Recommended products Display of recommended products, browsing ranking, and recently viewed products reCaPTCHA Prevention of unauthorized use of sites by bots Functional Cookies (*2) Inquiry chat Inquiry chat function It can be disabled, but may cause the website to not operate properly. Reminder popup Popup window for reminders, etc. when using services Automatic translation Automatic translation function Product reviews View product reviews EFO (Input form optimization) Accessibility when registering as a member Performance Cookies (*3) Google Analytics Collection and analysis of statistical information on website access Optional function/can be disabled Marketo Tracking of users' usage of our company website, and acceptance and management of inquiries Mieruca Analysis of users' usage of our company website Google Optimize Perform tests to optimize websites, etc. AD EBiS Analysis of users' usage of advertisements Targeting Cookies (*4) Yahoo Advertising Display of advertisements based on the usage status of our company website, etc. Google Advertising Display of advertisements based on the usage status of our company website, etc. Criteo Advertising Display of advertisements based on the usage status of our company website, etc. Facebook Advertising Display of advertisements based on the usage status of our company website, etc. MicroAd Advertising Display of advertisements based on the usage status of our company website, etc. (*1)	Strictly Necessary Cookies are Cookies that are essential for using our website. (*2)	Functional Cookies are Cookies used to improve the browsing experience of users of our website based on their operating environment, etc. (*3)	Performance Cookies are Cookies used to collect data such as the usage status of our website and improve the convenience and functions of our website. (*4)	Targeting Cookies are Cookies generated by a third party other than our and used by advertising services, etc. You can enable or disable Cookies, etc. for each site you use. Open the settings screen from "Cookie Policy" at the bottom of the website to set your preferences. Note that if you disable functional Cookies, our website will not function properly. 6. Collection and Analysis of Website Access Information and Use of Advertising Distribution Services (1) Services to collect and analyze website access information The following services that use Cookies, etc. are used as services that can statistically collect and analyze the access information of users who visit websites. The information collected will be used by our in our advertising and marketing activities, to improve the level of services that our provides, to improve our services and to implement optimal sales promotion for our customers. The obtained information will be managed in accordance with, in the case of us, our privacy policy, or in the case of each company, its privacy policy. Please see the link below for the privacy policy for each service. You can opt out of these services. Google Analytics Google's use of information collected from websites and apps that use Google's services https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites?hl=ja Privacy policy for services provided by Google https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=ja Opt out of Google Analytics Open the settings screen from "Cookie Policy" at the bottom of the relevant website to set your preferences. Marketo Marketo use policy https://jp.marketo.com/legal/use-policy.html Marketo's privacy policy https://jp.marketo.com/legal/privacy.html Opt out of Marketo Open the settings screen from "Cookie Policy" at the bottom of the relevant website to set your preferences. DocoDoco JP Use policy https://www.docodoco.jp/yakkan/ Privacy policy https://www.geolocation.co.jp/privacy/ Opt out of DocoDoco JP It is integrated with Google Analytics, so please use the opt-out method of Google Analytics. Mieruca Use policy https://local-mieruca.com/terms-of-services.php Privacy policy https://mieruca-ai.com/privacy.php Opt out of Mieruca Open the settings screen from "Cookie Policy" at the bottom of the relevant website to set your preferences. AD EBiS Use policy https://www.ebis.ne.jp/rule/ Privacy policy https://www.yrglm.co.jp/policy/ Opt out of AD EBiS Open the settings screen from "Cookie Policy" at the bottom of the relevant website to set your preferences. Google Optimize Use policy https://support.google.com/optimize/answer/6230273 Privacy policy https://policies.google.com/privacy Opt out of Google Optimize Open the settings screen from "Cookie Policy" at the bottom of the relevant website to set your preferences. (2) Advertising distribution service The major advertising services we use are as follows. The information obtained through each service cannot identify a specific individual by itself. The obtained information will be managed in accordance with, in the case of us, our privacy policy, or in the case of each company, its privacy policy. Please see the link below for the privacy policy for each service. If you do not need advertising distribution, etc., you may opt out of each company's services. Yahoo! JAPAN Ads Privacy policy for services provided by Yahoo! JAPAN https://privacy.yahoo.co.jp/ Opt out of Yahoo! JAPAN Ads Open the settings screen from "Cookie Policy" at the bottom of the relevant website to set your preferences. Google Ads Privacy policy for services provided by Google https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=ja Opt out of Google Ads Open the settings screen from "Cookie Policy" at the bottom of the relevant website to set your preferences. Criteo Ads Privacy policy for services provided by Criteo https://www.criteo.com/jp/privacy/ Opt out of Criteo Ads Open the settings screen from "Cookie Policy" at the bottom of the relevant website to set your preferences. Facebook Ads Privacy policy for services provided by Meta https://www.facebook.com/about/basics Opt out of Meta Open the settings screen from "Cookie Policy" at the bottom of the relevant website to set your preferences. Micro Ad Ads Privacy policy for services provided by MicroAd https://www.microad.co.jp/privacy/ Opt out of MicroAd Ads Open the settings screen from "Cookie Policy" at the bottom of the relevant website to set your preferences. 7. Inquiries regarding the Handling of Personal Information For inquiries or consultation, etc. on the handling of personal information, please contact our "Personal Information Help Desk in the General Affairs Department." [Contact Information for Help Desk] Personal Information Help Desk in the General Affairs Department, AS ONE CORPORATION TEL:06-6447-1253 (9:00 to 17:00, except Saturdays, Sundays, national holidays and our holidays) e-mail:cis@so.as-1.co.jp AS ONE CORPORATION Keisuke Nishikawa, Personal Information Protection Manager Hiroshi Yamamoto, Personal Information Help Desk Officer and Education Officer See here for inquiries related to the handling of personal information Products & Catalogs Company Information Investor Relations Contact Site Policy Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Site Map Copyright © AS ONE Corporation. All rights reserved. Products & Catalogs Company Information IR Information Contacts Japanese