Site Policy | AS ONE JavascriptがOFFのため正しく表示されない可能性があります。 JAPANESE Menu Products & Catalogs Company Information Company Information Top President's Message Management Philosophy & Vision Company Overview History Fields of Business Subsidiary Movie Close Investor Relations Contact TOP Site Policy Site Policy This website (https://www.as-1.co.jp/en/) is operated by the AS ONE Corporation (hereafter referred to as "we," "us" or "our"). Only use this website after accepting the items noted below. 1. The copyrights and other rights related to our website or individual text, figures, designs, trademarks, logos (hereafter referred to as "website data, etc.") that are posted on our website shall belong to us, the original author or another right holder. It is prohibited under the Copyright Act to engage in an act such as to duplicate, send, distribute, alter, or remove website data, etc., without our permission or the permission of the original author or another right holder, except when printing or storing for personal use or when the act is approved by the Copyright Act. Therefore, please contact us ahead of time and obtain permission. However, please note that we may refuse your request to use said data when one of the following case examples applies. [Case examples] When a portrait is included. When the copyrighted work or trademark, etc., of a third party is included, or when our trademark, etc., is included. When the method or purpose of use is deemed inappropriate by us. 2. Even when using the website data, etc., in accordance with the aforementioned items, do not change or delete, etc., the copyright display. 3. We shall not guarantee under any circumstances the content of the website data, etc., and the links posted for our website. 4. We shall not be held liable even in the event that damages incur due to use of our website data, etc. 5. Concerning links posted from our website, we shall not guarantee the content of the linked website. 6. Please note that we may change or discontinue the structure or posted items, etc., for our website data, etc., without prior notice. Products & Catalogs Company Information Investor Relations Contact Site Policy Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Site Map Copyright © AS ONE Corporation. All rights reserved. Products & Catalogs Company Information IR Information Contacts Japanese