Site Policy | OSAKA-INFO Loading... For Educational Travel For Meetings & Events English 日本語 简体中文 繁体中文 한국어 ไทย About Osaka Osaka Basics Unique Culinary Experiences Sports in Osaka Pop Culture in Osaka Itineraries FOR BEGINNERS Enjoy Construction / Art Historical Tour Enjoy nature and landscape Journey on trains Tourist Attractions and Experiences Sports & Leisure Gourmet Hands-on Experiences Shopping Nature Art History & Culture Seasonal Experiences and Places to Visit Gourmet Osaka cuisine Osaka product Let’s take in! Featured PICK UP Manufacturing in Osaka Recommended shining spots Discover！ Information Frequently Asked Questions Travel Passes Tourist Information Tourist Information Center Useful Information Hotels Getting around Osaka Travelling Kansai Using Osaka as a Base Travelling Japan Using Osaka as a Base Guidebook Download Event MENU Toppage Travel Passes Area Map & Guidebook Download About Osaka Osaka Basics Unique Culinary Experiences Sports in Osaka Pop Culture in Osaka Event Itineraries FOR BEGINNERS Enjoy Construction / Art Historical Tour Enjoy nature and landscape Journey on trains Tourist Attractions and Experiences Sports & Leisure gourmet Hands-on Experiences shopping nature art History & Culture Seasonal Experiences and Places to Visit Gourmet Osaka cuisine Osaka product Let’s take in! Featured PICK UP Manufacturing in Osaka Recommended shining spots Discover！ Information Frequently Asked Questions Travel Passes Tourist Information Tourist Information Center Useful Information Hotels Getting around Osaka Travelling Kansai Using Osaka as a Base Travelling Japan Using Osaka as a Base Guidebook Download Official Corporate Site (Japanese) Meetings & Events Educational Travel Photo Library Official Corporate Site Meetings & Events Privacy Policy Site Policy Employment information Top Site Policy Site Policy 13.11.2019 The Osaka Convention & Tourism Bureau  (“we,” “our”, and “us”)  runs the Websites  (OSAKA-INFO) .   
      Please be informed of the following terms of use. 1. Copyright You are not permitted to import pictures and/or any content of the Websites to a personal site. 
      You are not permitted to make reproductions beyond the bounds recognized in the copyright law.
      Even when you are reproducing within the bounds recognized in the copyright law, you are not permitted to use reproductions for any purpose other than that stated at the time of reproduction.  
      Even when you are reproducing within the bounds recognized in the copyright law, you are not permitted to modify or change anything. Violation of the copyright law is subject to criminal liability. 2. Disclaimer We do not accept any responsibility or liability for any damage incurred by you  from using the Websites. 
      Furthermore, we do not accept any responsibility or liability for damages incurred by a third party  if inflicted by you from using the Websites. Any damages incurred by the third party inflicted by you shall be resolved by your responsibility and expense, incurring no damage to us. 3. Linking to OSKA-INFO Basically, you can link to the Websites at no charge. State “Osaka Convention & Tourism Bureau” when linking to the Websites for identification. 
      Notify below when linking.
      Osaka Convention & Tourism Bureau / Web section [email protected] 4. Plug-ins PDF file and SWF file are used for some contents on　the Websites. Use proper plug-ins. Adobe Reader Adobe Reader issued by the Adobe Inc.  is required when viewing PDF files. The latest version of Adobe Reader is available for download from their website free of charge. PARTNERS Osaka Convention & Tourism Bureau 5F TODA BUILDING SHINSAIBASHI, 4-4-21, Minamisemba, Chuo-ku, Osaka 542-0081, Japan Inquiries about tourist information Osaka Call Center 06-6131-4550 (9:00～17:30) Official Corporate Site Meetings & Events Privacy Policy Site Policy Bid information Employment information ©OSAKA CONVENTION & TOURISM BUREAU