PRIVACY POLICY | GUNDAM.INFO Please enable cookies in order to use My Page Cookie settings page JOIN NOW It is possible to register on this site only for those who are 16 years old or older. (You can navigate on this site without being registered as a member) Return Sign Up LOGIN DELETE English 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 (HK) 繁體中文 (TW) ภาษาไทย English Français Italiano 한국어 What is Gundam? ANIME GUNPLA GAMES MERCH EVENTS MISC PRIVACY POLICY Last updated: August 21,2023 Bandai Namco Filmworks INC. and BANDAI SPIRITS CO., LTD. (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Bandai Namco Filmworks INC.”) operate this "Gundam.info" ("website").
Please read the following carefully before using this website. We, Bandai Namco Filmworks INC., respect your privacy. As we operate our website and provide you with our services, we process personal data about you in accordance with applicable data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union (the "GDPR"), and the  amendments to the California Consumer Privacy Act (the "CCPA") adopted pursuant to the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). 
This is our privacy policy on how we process and protect your personal data. We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. You can obtain the latest version of this policy on our site. RESPONSIBLE CONTROLLER This privacy policy is issued by us, Bandai Namco Filmworks INC., a company registered in Tokyo, Japan. When we process your personal data, we are the data controller and are responsible for protecting your rights regarding personal data. HOW WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA As we provide you with our services on our website, we collect, use, store, generate or disclose to third-parties (hereinafter collectively referred to as "process") your personal data for the following purposes: To deliver premiums to the winners of a campaign in Gundam.info: Categories of your personal data we process: Bandai Namco ID
    (If you are a winner of the campaign in Gundam.info,) your name, residential and email address, and telephone number. We collect the above-mentioned personal information from Bandai Namco Entertainment Inc. by referring to your Bandai Namco ID. Lawful basis: (If you are winners of the campaign in Gundam.info,) delivering premiums to you on the ground that it is necessary for the performance of our contract with you; and gathering information about your use of this service for maintaining and improving service quality, and detecting and preventing fraud against you, on the ground that it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interest pursued. Period for which we store your personal data: the duration you register in Gundam.info. Recipients we disclose your personal data to: our contractors that assist us in providing the website, and our group companies and/or third parties we use to help us provide you with our products. To manage our personalized advertising to those of you 16 years of age or older. Categories of your personal data we process: your age, your browsing history on our website collected by the use of cookie(s) including your web browser identifier, IP address, timestamp, and your interactions with our website.
    We also collect your age, gender and your interest from Google LLC. Lawful basis: your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time here . Your withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of our processing of your personal data based on consent before its withdrawal. Period for which we store your personal data: We retain your browsing record for the duration specified separately in cookie notice, or until you withdraw your consent. Recipients we disclose your personal data to: We disclose your personal data to our advertising partners. To manage our e-mail marketing for 16 years of age or older. Categories of your personal data we process: your age, gender, and email address. Lawful basis: your consent. You can opt-out of our e-mail marketing at any time from our return email address which is specified in our marketing e-mail. Period for which we store your personal data: the duration you register in Gundam.info. Recipients we disclose your personal data to: We disclose your personal data to our advertising partners. To organize and manage questionnaires. Categories of your personal data we process: your favorite character(s), and Bandai Namco ID. Lawful basis: your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Your withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of our processing of your personal data based on consent before its withdrawal. Period for which we store your personal data: the duration you register in Gundam.info. Recipients we disclose your personal data to: our contractors that assist us in the data processing in this event. To recommend / profile for E-commerce. Categories of your personal data we process: your browsing record on our website collected by the use of cookie(s) including your web browser identifier, IP address, timestamp, and your interaction with our website. Lawful basis: your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time here . Your withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of our processing of your personal data based on consent before its withdrawal. Period for which we store your personal data: We retain your browsing record for one year from the time when the relevant cookie is set, or until you withdraw your consent. Recipients we disclose your personal data to: We disclose your personal data to our advertising partner. To analyze your use of our website in order to generate insight that is useful for improving our services, products, and marketing: Categories of your personal data we process: your interactions with our website collected by the use of cookie(s), including your browsing history on our website together with IP address and other information about your terminal device.
    We also collect your age, gender and your interest from Google LLC. Lawful basis: your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time here . Your withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of our processing of your personal data based on consent before its withdrawal. Period for which we store your personal data: log data is deleted after 26 months. Recipients we disclose your personal data to: our contractors that assist us in analyzing web traffic data. To protect your privacy and security, integrity, and availability of our website: Categories of your personal data we process: your browsing history on our website collected by web access logging, including your IP address, type and version of your web browser, web browser plugins, operating system and other information about your terminal device and technologies you use when accessing our website. Lawful basis: the processing is necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interest, i.e. protecting your privacy and our website from fraudulent or unlawful access by monitoring web access traffic. Period for which we store your personal data: We retain log data for the period necessary to protect your privacy and our website. Recipients we disclose your personal data to: our contractors that assist us in monitoring web access traffic. To respond to your inquiry: Categories of your personal data we process: Your SNS ID and the content of your inquiry. Lawful basis: the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party. Period for which we store your personal data: For as long as your questionnaire is active and for a reasonable time thereafter in accordance with our standard procedures or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. Recipients we disclose your personal data to: our contractors that help us receive, handle 　and respond to your inquiries. SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA We usually do not collect and/or use sensitive categories of your personal data as defined in Articles 9 or 10 of GDPR on our website. COOKIES A cookie is a small text file that our website sends to your terminal device for the purpose of keeping certain records. By using cookies: Your terminal devices (e.g. browsers) remember your preferences (e.g. language used) and activities (e.g. login status, items in cart, etc.) on our website so that we can deliver a personalized and better user experience on our website (essential cookies); We keep track of your interactions with our website, giving us useful and important insight for improving our website (performance cookies); and Based on your consent, our advertising partners keep track of your browsing history across the Internet, so that we can deliver personalized advertisement that is more likely to be of your interest (advertising cookies). A cookie identifies your terminal device, typically your web browser, but it cannot identify your individual identity. You can choose whether to allow us or third-parties (our advertising partners) to set performance cookies and advertising cookies. When we use cookies for the purpose of personalizing our advertisement or analyzing web access, we request your prior consent thereto. For more information and to change your cookie settings, including withdrawal of your consent, visit our Cookie Preference Center . We do not set and use cookies for the purpose of advertisement or web access analytics for our users under 16 years of age. TRANSFER TO NON-EU COUNTRIES We do not transfer your personal data to any entities located in any third countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) or Japan. In the event that we transfer your data to an entity located outside the EEA or Japan, we protect your rights with personal data by virtue of a data transfer contract with the relevant recipient in accordance with the GDPR, which imposes on such recipients contractual obligations to ensure an adequate level of data protection equivalent to those laid down by the GDPR. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS Provided that certain conditions are met, you have legal rights to request from us the following: Revocation of the previously given consent to our processing of your personal data Access to your personal data and to certain supplementary information covered by this policy; Rectification of your personal data if inaccurate or incomplete; Erasure of your personal data in certain circumstances; Suspension of using your personal data in certain circumstances; Stopping processing your personal data in certain circumstances; and Obtaining your personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. If you wish to exercise your rights, please contact us. COMPLAINT If you are from EEA and UK, You can lodge complaints about our way of processing your personal data with the data protection supervisory authorities of your country of residence. INQUIRY For further information and inquiry, contact: Privacy Manager ppolicy@bandai-sp.jp Bandai Namco Filmworks INC. FOR OUR VISITORS FROM THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA This section of our privacy policy explains how we collect, use, share, and protect personally identifiable information of California residents and any information related to it ("personal information") and non-personal information. RIGHT TO KNOW ABOUT PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED, DISCLOSED, OR SOLD The CCPA states that you have the right to request us to disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell.including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about the consumer. You can exercise your above-mentioned rights unless you have exercised the rights within the preceding 12 months. We endeavor to respond to you within 45 days of receiving a verifiable request from you. If you intend to exercise such rights, please refer to section 8. We use your information (name, email address, and Bandai Namco ID) to verify your request. You may be asked to provide additional information so that we can verify your request. The categories of personal information we collected, business or commercial purpose, sources, the length of time to retain and the category of third parties we shared, sold, or disclosed within the preceding 12 months are as follows: CATEGORY(as stipulated in CCPA 1798.140(v)) DETAIL BUSINESS OR COMMERCIAL PURPOSE FOR PROCESSING, DISCLOSURE, SELL, or SHARE CATEGORY OF THIRD PARTIES WE disclose CATEGORY OF THIRD PARTIES WE SELL OR SHARE(stipulated in CCPA 1798.140(ad)(ah)) SOURCES OF COLLECTED PERSONAL INFORMATION THE　LENGTH　OF TIME TO　RETAIN 1 Identifiers Bandai Namco ID, (If you are a winner of the campaign in Gundam.info,) your name, residential and email address, and telephone number. To deliver premiums to the winners of the campaign in Gundam.info Our contractors that assist us in providing the website, and our group companies and/or third parties we use to help us provide you with our products. N/A Your activity on our site the duration you register in Gundam.info 2 Identifiers Internet or other electronic network activity information, Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, Inferences drawn from the information to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes Unique personal identifier (cookie(s)), Internet Protocol address, browsing history, information regarding a consumer's interactions with an Internet website, application, age, gender, your interest To manage our personalized advertising to those who are 16 years of age or older N/A Advertising partners Your activity on our site, advertising partners We retain your browsing record for the duration specified separately in cookie notice, or until you withdraw your consent 3 Identifiers, Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law email address, and gender To manage our e-mail marketing for 13 years of age or older. N/A Advertising partners the duration you register in Gundam.info. Advertising partners 4 Identifiers Bandai Namco ID To organize and manage questionnaire. Our contractors that assist us in the data processing in this event. N/A the duration you register in Gundam.info. Our contractors that assist us in the data processing in this event. 5 Identifiers Internet or other electronic network activity information to create a profile about a consumer Unique personal identifier (cookie(s)), Internet Protocol address, browsing history, information regarding a consumer's interactions with an Internet website, application To Recommend / Profile for E-commerce N/A Advertising partners We retain your browsing record for one year     from the time when the relevant cookie is set, or until you withdraw your consent Advertising partners 6 Identifiers Internet or other electronic network activity information, Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, Inferences drawn from the information to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes Unique personal identifier (cookie(s)), Internet Protocol address, age, gender, your interest To analyze your use of our website and generate insight to improve our service and marketing N/A Our contractors that assist us in analyzing web traffic data log data is deleted after 26 months Our contractors that assist us in analyzing web traffic data 7 Identifiers Internet or other electronic network activity information Internet Protocol address browsing history, information regarding a consumer's interactions with an Internet website, application To protect your privacy and security, integrity and availability of our website Our contractors that assist us in monitoring web access traffic N/A We retain log data for the period necessary to protect your privacy and our website Our contractors that assist us in monitoring web access traffic 8 Identifiers Internet or other electronic network activity information Your SNS ID To respond to your inquiry our contractors that help us receive, handle and respond to your inquiries N/A For as long as your questionnaire is active and for a reasonable time thereafter in accordance with our standard procedures or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. our contractors that help us receive, handle and respond to your inquiries Use or disclosure of sensitive personal information We do not use or disclose your sensitive personal information. Sale or Sharing of Personal Information We do not have actual knowledge that we Sell or Share personal information about residents who we know are younger than 16 years old. 
      Under the CCPA, "Sell" means disclosing by electronic or other means, a consumer's personal information to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration, and "Share" means sharing a consumer's personal Information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising. RIGHT TO REQUEST DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION The CCPA states that you have the right to request us to delete your personal information collected by us, subject to certain exceptions. We endeavor to respond to you within 45 days of receiving a verifiable request. If you intend to exercise such rights, please refer to section 8. We use your information (name, email address, and Bandai Namco ID) to verify your request. You may be asked to provide additional information so that we can verify your request. RIGHT TO CORRECT INACCURATE PERSONAL INFORMATION The CCPA states that you have the right to correct inaccurate personal information collected by us. We endeavor to respond to you within 45 days of receiving a verifiable request. If you intend to exercise such rights, please refer to section 8. We use your information (name, residential and email address) to verify your request. You may be asked to provide additional information so that we can verify your request. RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF THE SALES OR SHARE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION The CCPA states that you have the right to opt-out of the Sale or Share of your personal information if we sell or share your personal information. Under the CCPA, the activities, in which we share information collected from cookies or email address with advertising agencies to manage our personalized advertising to those of you 16 years of age or older based on your preferences, may be considered a "sale" or “share” of personal information.
    Opt-out rights can be exercised by visiting our Cookie Policy or by going directly to our Cookie Settings page and deleting or preventing cookies from being used. You can also click on the "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information"    link at the bottom of every webpage. RIGHT TO LIMIT THE USE OR DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION The CCPA states that you have the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information if we use or disclose your sensitive personal information. We do not use or disclose your sensitive personal information. RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION FOR THE EXERCISE OF A CONSUMER'S PRIVACY RIGHT The CCPA states that you have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA, including an employee's, applicant's, or independent contractor's right not to be retaliated against for the exercise of their CCPA rights. We do not discriminate against you for the exercise of your CCPA rights AUTHORIZED AGENT When you use an authorized agent to submit a request to know or a request to delete, or a request to correct, we may require that you: Verify your own identity directly with us; and Directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent with permission to submit the request CONTACT US Please contact us by email if you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or the information we hold about you. email address: ppolicy@bandai-sp.jp HOW OUR SITE RESPONDS TO "DO NOT TRACK" SIGNALS OR Opt-Out PREFERENCE SIGNALS Some web browsers incorporate a "Do Not Track" (DNT) feature or opt-out preference signals that send signals to websites you visit that you do not want to be tracked when turned on. Our site responds to the DNT signals or opt-out preference signals. You can confirm your settings by going directly to our Cookie Settings page . You can also click on the "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information  " link at the bottom of every webpage. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY We do not collect and store personal information about Children (in this provision, we define Children as minors under 13 years of age) if this information is submitted by a Child without prior parental consent or by the parent or guardian of the Child. If we discover that we’ve unintentionally collected information from a Child in a way that does not meet COPPA requirements, we will delete the information immediately. NEWSLETTERS If you no longer want to receive our e-mails, offers, updates on our products and services, or other communications, please send a request through the following links [U.S.A： https://en.gundam.info/contact-us.html ] or follow the "unsubscribe" instructions at the bottom of each email or communication. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us, including certain messages relating to your use of the Website. RANKINGS The Latest June 2024 GUNPLA Lineup! Still in Operation After April! Special Feature of the Life-size Statue of Unicorn Gundam in Tokyo and vGundam in Fukuoka, along with THE GUNDAM BASE & GUNDAM SIDE-F! METAL BUILD FESTIVAL 2024 to be Held in Akihabara from July 5th! Two Event Commemorative Items will Also be Available! The Bandai Namco Group Pavilion at Expo 2025 Held in Osaka/Kansai will be Called the GUNDAM NEXT FUTURE PAVILION! Gundam feels the Call of Duty in this new Collaboration! RECOMMENDED POSTS Enable cookies to see recommended articles for you Cookie settings page RECOMMENDED POSTS RECOMMENDED MOVIES RECOMMENDED ITEMS HOME TERMS OF SERVICE CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY COOKIE SETTINGS PAGE ©SOTSU・SUNRISE ©SOTSU・SUNRISE・MBS Copyright ©Bandai Namco Filmworks Inc. All rights reserved. ＊Note:No reproduction of contents and images is allowed.