Website Privacy Policy - WEAR WEAR アプリを無料でダウンロード ダウンロード コーディネートやユーザーを探す ログイン 新規会員登録 コーディネート ユーザー アイテム 店舗 こだわり条件から探す カテゴリーから探す ブランドから探す 手持ちの画像から探す コーディネート 一覧から探す ランキングから探す 急上昇ワード コーディネート ユーザー アイテム 店舗 こだわり条件から探す カテゴリーから探す ブランドから探す 手持ちの画像から探す コーディネート 一覧から探す ランキングから探す 急上昇ワード ログインまたは新規会員登録 トップページ ランキング タイムライン お知らせ マイページ 基本設定 メールマガジン設定 プロフィール設定 アクティビティレポート PROFILE プロフィールの変更は WEARアプリでできます アプリをダウンロード アプリを開く Website Privacy Policy Website Privacy Policy Last updated: May 8, 2024 As we, ZOZO Inc., acting as data controller of your personal data, facilitate the platform of and provide the social network “WEAR” services (including posting content such as coordinated clothing photographs and short blog (diary) and exchanging comments with other users (“Posted contents information”), optimize the set of pictures posted which you may prefer, and facilitate to automatically post the same posting to other social network services, available at https://wear.net/) for your use, we take privacy very seriously and undertake to process your personal data in compliance with applicable laws including U.S. privacy laws and the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). Below is our Website Privacy Policy (the "Policy") which describes how we process your personal data on WEAR . We may change, add to, or delete any part of this Policy from time to time. You will be informed of any substantial or material changes made to this Policy. THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE USE IT DEFINITIONS Account Information: This includes the information entered by a user when setting up an account and profile, including the user's name or nickname, gender, date of birth, height, e-mail address, profile image, ID and password. Also, when a user logs in or performs ID linkage using an ID for services other than WEAR, the following data is included: (i) When logging in or ID linking using a ZOZOTOWN ID: purchasing status and usage of ZOZOTOWN (including purchased products, favorite products, favorite brands, and other information). (ii) When logging in or ID linking using a service ID other than the above: information agreed upon by the user from time to time User posting-related information: This includes the content posted by users through the WEAR service (not limited to those posted on WEAR), and includes images, videos, comments, profiles, information entered at the time of inquiries, "likes" attached to the content posted by users, and related information obtained by analyzing these. Login information: This includes device identification information of the telecommunications device, OS information of the telecommunications device, information about the connection to the Internet, location information, referrer information, IP address information, timestamp information of the URLs browsed and the browsing time, advertisement identifier information allocated to each customer's device, server log information, web pages viewed by users, types of browsers, and access records. Our group: This refers to us, our parent company (including the parent company of such parent company; the same shall apply hereafter), subsidiaries of the parent company, or affiliated companies (including subsidiaries and equity-method affiliates). Group services: This refers to services performed by our group. PURPOSE AND GROUND (why and on what ground we process your personal data) We process your personal data for the following lawful purposes: Purpose Category of Personal Data / Related Forms Lawful Basis To create, authenticate and manage your user account - Account information Based on the necessity to perform our contract with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, protecting your interests and your consent To provide the WEAR services to accountholders (including responses to inquiries, notifications required for service operation, automatic entry functions at registration, sharing of posted information by users or other users to third-party media, and functional improvements to maintain and improve the quality of our services, and to maintain and improve security) (Account holders) - Account information - User posting-related information - Login information (Non-account-owning users) - User posting-related information - Login information Based on the necessity to perform our contract with you and your consent To implement various WEAR campaigns, plans, and surveys To send WEAR updates and newsletters/emails - Account information - User posting-related information - Login information Based on your consent To research and develop surveys, statistics and analyses related to fashion in our group Research and development related to fashion performed by us (alone or jointly) with universities and research institutes, as well as research, surveys, statistics and analyses (including, but not limited to, publication in papers and research presentations) - Account information - User posting-related information - Login information Based on your consent To advertise and distribute group services in accordance with trends in tastes and preferences based on the user's usage, advertising distribution as advertisers, and other marketing in group services or in third-party media - Account Information - User posting-related information - Login information Based on your consent To introduce our business related to the group or group services on our corporate website, blogs, SNS and other media - User posting-related information Based on your consent (Only for users who have contacted us individually and consent) to introduce our business partners' brand - Account Information - User posting-related information Based on your consent Personal data we obtain from third party sources Separately, we may obtain your personal data from a third party social media network service provider (your name, nickname, gender, date of birth, member ID of the third party social network service, email address, token, follow-user account information) and combine them with the personal data you directly provided. This helps us to ensure the functionality of website and improve our services. If you fail to provide your personal data, we might be unable to maintain our relationship with you or provide our services to you to the extent that such personal data are necessary to maintain our contractual relationship or to provide the contractual services. Cookies and similar tracking technology We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “Cookies”) to collect and use personal data about you (including to serve interest-based advertising). For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our Cookie Notice . CHILD DATA (what our policy on child data is) We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to access to the WEAR services. Where we reasonably determine that user information has been obtained from persons under the age of 13, we may, at our discretion, delete such information. In the unlikely event that there is any such doubt, please inform us through the contact information below. In the event of any damage or loss incurred by the user as a result of such deletion, we shall be liable only for such normal and direct damages or losses, except in the event of default or gross negligence by us or damages to the life or health of the user. HOW WE RETAIN YOUR PERSONAL DATA We will retain your personal data for 2 years usually after you close your account, or your last contact in case of non-accountholders unless we are required to maintain under applicable laws and regulations or it is necessary in relation to the Purposes. Upon the lapse of the retention period, we will either delete or anonymize your data. HOW WE SECURE YOUR PERSONAL DATA We are committed to safeguarding and protecting your personal data and will implement and maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to protect your personal data from accident or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure or access.No data transmission over the Internet, mobile networks, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that you use our services and provide us with your information at your own risk. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA We may disclose certain items of your personal data in so far as may be necessary for the purposes above to the following entities: • Other ZOZO Companies . • The contractors and service providers we directly or indirectly engage for the purpose of providing our services (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Website) A list of our current service providers and contractors is available here . • Your fellow users and social media network service providers you link your account with. • Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this Privacy Policy. • Subject to applicable law, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or legal process, such as a subpoena; (ii) in response to requests by government entities, such as law enforcement authorities; (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury or loss; or (iv) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS As most of our services in our commercial operations are provided by our contractors and service providers in Japan and other countries such as the U.S., your data are processed or stored in the servers or storage devices hosted in Japan and such other countries. In this context, we may transfer your personal data to such other countries, where the laws may be different. Your personal data are protected by our data transfer agreements with our counterparts. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS COMPLAINT You have the right to lodge complaints about our way of processing your personal data with the competent data protection supervisory authorities. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Our Site does not accept or process such Do Not Track signals or similar mechanisms. Other third party websites may keep track of your browsing activities when they provide you with content, which enables them to customize what they present to you on their websites. DELETION OF YOUR DATA To delete your personal data, you can contact us as described in the next section “INQUIRIES”. INQUIRIES For further information and inquiry, contact: ZOZO, Inc. WEAR Customer Support Center https://wear.jp/ contact/ *In order to improve the quality of its supporting services and to collect information correctly, the Company may record and retain the contents of the conversation between the Company and the User. Contact for inquiry regarding personal data: https://wear.jp/ contact/ Email:wear.dpo@zozo.com 採用情報 iOSエンジニア データアナリスト デザイナー 生産支援営業 niaulab by ZOZO 運営 ZOZOTOWN ブランド営業 もっと見る Website Privacy Policy ログイン OFFICIAL SNS コーディネート一覧 ユーザー一覧 アイテム一覧 トレンドキーワード ファッション記事一覧 ヘルプ 利用規約 プライバシーポリシー ライセンス サイトマップ お問い合わせ 採用情報 運営会社 © ZOZO, Inc. 言語 日本語 English 繁体中文 简体中文 WEAR ZOZOTOWN ZOZOUSED コーディネート一覧 ユーザー一覧 アイテム一覧 店舗一覧 ブランド一覧 カテゴリー一覧 コーディネートランキング ユーザーランキング フォルダランキング ファッション記事一覧 トレンドキーワード はじめての方へ ショップオーナーの皆様へ ヘルプ お問い合わせ サイトマップ 公式アプリ iPhone Android 公式SNS コーポレートサイト 会社概要 IR情報 採用情報 利用規約 プライバシーポリシー ライセンス 言語 日本語 English 繁体中文 简体中文 COPYRIGHT © ZOZO, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. サイト内の文章、画像などの著作物は株式会社ZOZOに属します。複製、無断転載を禁止します。