NIKE PRIVACY POLICY AND COOKIE POLICY SUMMARY Update and Effective Date: May 2024 We attach great importance to protecting the personal information and privacy of users ("you"), and hope to briefly introduce to you how we collect, use and protect your personal information through this summary. This summary is an introduction to the Nike Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. If you want to know our detailed privacy policy and Cookie Policy, please refer to the text after the summary. 1. How we collect and use your personal information Basic transaction information When you purchase Nike products/services through Nike's website, mobile Internet applications and other channels, you need to provide us with your basic transaction information (including recipient name, mailing address, contact number, payment information, etc.) to complete the transaction. Registration information When you register to become a Nike member, you need to provide your mobile phone number and login password to create a Nike member account, and you can choose to complete relevant identification information (such as birthday). Camera Purpose of use: If you are an iOS device user, with your authorization, our Nike App will collect your camera information in order to provide you with relevant functions for taking pictures, including consulting experts for support, etc. Information description: We only collect corresponding information when you use the corresponding function. You can choose to turn on or off the camera authorization. Once turned off, you may not be able to use the photo function, but it will not affect your use of basic services such as browsing and ordering.Purpose of Use: With your authorization, our Nike WeChat applet will obtain write permission to your photo album in order to provide you with the function of saving photos. Information Description: We only collect relevant information when you use the corresponding function. The names displayed by different systems may be different, such as photo album, storage permission, etc. You can choose to turn on or off the authorization of the photo album. Once it is turned off, you may not be able to save pictures to the photo album, but it will not affect your use of basic services such as browsing and placing orders. Device Information Purpose of Use: During your access or use of our services, we may collect your device information in order to obtain information such as screen resolution for interface display, avoid abnormal logins of other devices, and retain necessary log information, so as to ensure the security of your account, transaction security and system operation security. Information Description: The device information we collect includes your device identification code (UUID, Android ID, OAID, IDFA, IDFV), MAC address, browser type, IP address, SSID, web beacon and tag, etc. We will not obtain the above information in advance without your consent. Information you actively provide during use Purpose of use: When you use Nike's products/services, we may collect personal information you actively provide based on the specific scenarios you use in order to enable the functions you need to use.Information description: We will ask you to provide the corresponding information according to the specific scenario and will strictly protect your personal information in accordance with the law. For example, when you register for a Nike membership account, you can provide personal information such as your birthday, which will help us provide you with better services, but if you do not provide such information, it will not affect your use of the basic functions of most of our products/services. 2. How do we entrust or share your personal information? Please be aware that some of the products/services we provide to you cannot be completed alone, so we may share or entrust other third parties to process some of your personal information. At present, the main situations involved in such sharing or entrusting processing include: providing necessary information according to the requirements of administrative, judicial and other competent authorities; sharing necessary information with relevant partners, third-party merchants, payment institutions, etc. for providing services such as third-party payment, etc. We will sign strict information protection and confidentiality agreements with them, requiring them to abide by the agreement and take relevant security measures to protect your personal information. For the third-party software tool development kit ("SDK") we use, you can click Nike to access the third-party SDK directory for reference. 3. How do you exercise your personal information subject rightsYou have the right to exercise your rights as a subject of personal information, including querying, copying, correcting and deleting your account information, address information, search history, changing the scope of your authorization or withdrawing authorization, and canceling your account. You can perform some of the above operations through the function settings provided by Nike mobile Internet applications, etc. Among them, if you want to cancel your account, you can complete the corresponding operation through the Nike App. If you are unable to manage it through the above methods, you can contact us through the methods published in Article 5 of this Summary. IV. How we protect the personal information of minors We attach great importance to the protection of the personal information of minors. Our products/services are mainly for users aged 14 and above. We will not target users under the age of 14 or try to attract them to register as Nike members. If you are the parent or guardian of a minor and have any questions, comments and concerns about the personal information of the minor you are protecting, please contact us in the manner published in Article 5 of this Summary. V. How to Contact Us You can contact us in the following ways, and we will respond within 15 working days after receiving your request: (1) The contact information disclosed in the "Contact Us" section of Nike's website, mobile application and other channels; (2) Send an email to our personal information protection contact email: privacy@nike.com. Nike Privacy Policy and Cookie PolicyUpdated and effective date: May 2024 This Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy (hereinafter referred to as the "Privacy Policy") defines the personal information collected and processed when you use Nike products/services operated and provided to you by Nike Business (China) Co., Ltd. (registered address: No. 99, Jiangwancheng Road, Yangpu District, Shanghai, China) and its affiliate Nike Sports (China) Co., Ltd. (registered address: No. 88, Guangzhou West Road, Taicang Economic Development Zone, Jiangsu Province, China) (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Nike", "our" or "we"). This Privacy Policy also explains how your personal information is used, shared and protected, what rights you have over your personal information and how you can exercise your rights. You should choose whether to agree to the content of this Privacy Policy and whether to agree to use Nike products/services after carefully reading and fully understanding this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the content of this Privacy Policy, it may result in us being unable to provide you with the corresponding functions normally or unable to achieve the service effect we hope to achieve. We recommend that you stop accessing and using Nike products/services immediately. We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in conjunction with other relevant agreements and texts of Nike (such as "Terms of Use" and "Terms of Sale", etc.). We use "bold" writing to indicate the key content, and hope that you will pay special attention when reading. In addition, before you provide us with any of your sensitive personal information, you have carefully considered and hereby confirm that such provision is appropriate.In addition, our websites, mobile Internet applications, etc., will use other third-party services, including but not limited to third-party websites, application links, API interfaces, etc., to provide you with services or references more conveniently. If the linked third-party websites and applications have their own privacy statements or policies, we strongly recommend that you review them. In the case of any linked website or application that is not owned or controlled by us, we cannot be responsible for its content and any of its privacy practices. Contents 1. Definition of keywords 2. How we collect and use your personal information 3. How we protect the personal information of minors 4. How we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information 5. How you exercise your rights as a subject of personal information 6. How we protect your personal information 7. How we store your personal information 8. COOKIE and pixel tags 9. Changes to our privacy policy 10. Questions and feedback 1. Definition of keywords In this privacy policy: Personal information: refers to various information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded electronically or otherwise, excluding information after anonymization. Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, may easily cause infringement on the personal dignity of a natural person or endanger the personal or property safety, including information such as biometrics, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical health, financial accounts, whereabouts, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen.Nike products/services: refers to the products and services provided by Nike through its own websites, mobile Internet applications (including apps and mini programs), offline self-operated stores, or Nike self-operated stores on third-party platforms, as well as Nike-related products and services provided by some authorized dealer stores, including: (a) Nike China official website; (b) Nike App; (c) SNKRS China App; (d) Nike Adapt App; (e) Nike WeChat official account; (f) WeChat mini programs, including Nike WeChat mini program, Nike Training Club ("NTC") WeChat mini program, Swoosh Smart Retail WeChat mini program, Nike Premium Experience Store WeChat mini program, Nike Member After-sales Worry-free WeChat mini program, Nike Interactive WeChat mini program, Nike Event Experience WeChat mini program, Nike Digital Store WeChat mini program; (g) Nike Member After-sales Worry-free Alipay mini program (h) Nike Tmall self-operated stores, including Tmall Nike Official Flagship Store, Tmall Jordan Official Flagship Store, Tmall Nike Children's Official Flagship Store, Tmall Nike Official Outlets Store, etc.; (i) Nike Douyin Store; (j) Nike JD Store; (k) Nike offline self-operated stores; (l) Nike offline authorized dealer stores (related products and services).II. How we collect and use your personal information When you purchase or use Nike's products/services, you need or can choose to authorize us to collect and use personal information. Our functional scenarios will include basic functions (available in guest mode) and extended functions (requires registration/login to Nike membership or separate authorization), including: 1. In order to provide you with the basic functions of our products/services, you need to authorize us to collect and use necessary personal information. If you refuse to provide these necessary personal information, you will not be able to use our products/services normally; 2. In order to provide you with the extended functions of our products/services, you can choose to authorize us to collect and use other personal information. If you refuse to provide these personal information, you will not be able to use the relevant additional functions normally or achieve the functional effects we intend to achieve, but it will not affect your normal use of the basic functions of our products/services. If the personal information you provide is not your own information, you should ensure that you have obtained the legal and valid authorization and consent of the relevant personal information subject. In some cases, we will collect and use your personal information from a third party (for example, our partners) within the scope of your consent. We process your personal information in accordance with the contract signed with the third party and the provisions of relevant laws and regulations. At the same time, please read the personal information protection policy and user agreement of the third party in detail. If you refuse third parties to collect and use your personal information when providing services, you may not be able to use some of our functions.In other cases, we may also collect information through automated means. For example, we may use browser cookies and other similar technologies on the website. This information will not be used for any purpose other than the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. Please note that if you actively provide your personal information on our websites, apps, WeChat mini-programs, Nike Tmall stores and other channels (such as seeking customer service, etc.), it means that you agree that we will process the relevant personal information you actively provide to the extent necessary according to your needs. 2.1 Nike China Official Website Basic functions Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Order settlement and payment, delivery (visitor mode) Mobile phone number, SMS verification code, recipient name, delivery address, contact number, payment information (payment time, payment amount, payment channel) Used to complete order settlement, payment and delivery, this information is necessary to provide basic functions and perform contracts. Extended functions Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Register and log in to a member account Mobile phone number, SMS verification code, date of birth (optional), login passwordUsed for you to register/log in to our member account to enjoy more optimized services. When registering a member account, we need you to provide your mobile phone number and SMS verification code for mobile phone number verification. The login password will be used as the identity authentication when the user logs in. You can choose whether to fill in the date of birth. Account Settings Email address, date of birth, rough location information (province, city, district and county), shoe size, shopping preferences (male/female) After you complete the registration of our member account, we will recommend that you provide your email address, rough location information, shoe size, shopping preferences, which will help us better understand you and provide you with a better shopping and service experience. If you refuse to become our member and provide this personal information, you will not be able to use all or part of our extended functions, but it will not affect your use of our basic functions. Order history and order inquiry Order number, mobile phone number, email address Used to provide order inquiry function. In order to achieve this purpose, we need to collect your order number and mobile phone number or email address to complete the order inquiry. Customer Service Communication Content When you need to make a customer service request, you can contact our customer service by calling the customer service number or scanning the QR code to follow the official account. We will collect the content of your communication with our customer service (which may include your order number, mobile phone number, express number, delivery address, and invoicing information) for the following purposes:(1) For some of your questions or needs, we will verify your identity through your mobile phone number, order number, etc.; (2) Update and provide information about the functions, products or services listed in the contract or order; (3) Manage possible exchanges or returns after your purchase, as well as manage your requests for product arrival information and product reservations through the platform, but this depends on whether our platform provides these functional options at different times; (4) For the purpose of issuing documents, provide you with receipts and purchase receipts through the platform; (5) Ensure that you can use other available functions or services, such as the purchase, receipt, management and use of shopping cards or gift certificates; (6) In some cases, if you cancel your order, we will process a refund for you. Please note that we will only process your personal information to the extent necessary. If you contact us by phone, your call may be recorded to ensure the quality of service and respond to your requests. 2.2 Basic functions of Nike App Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Order settlement, payment, delivery (guest mode) Mobile phone number, SMS verification code, recipient name, delivery address, contact number, payment information (payment time, payment amount, payment channel) Used to complete order settlement, payment and delivery. This information is necessary to provide basic functions and perform contracts. Extended functions Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Register and log in to a member accountMobile phone number, SMS verification code, login password Used for you to register/login to our member account to enjoy more optimized services. When registering a member account, we need you to provide your mobile phone number and SMS verification code for mobile phone number verification, and provide your mobile phone number as the user login name. The login password will be used as the identity verification when the user logs in. In addition, we will contact you through the mobile phone number you provide, and send you Nike marketing information after you agree to this privacy policy. You can choose to unsubscribe from relevant marketing information. Account settings and profile editing Date of birth, shoe size, shopping preferences (men/women), delivery information, payment method, email address After you complete the registration of our member account, we will recommend that you complete your account settings and provide us with information such as date of birth, shoe size, shopping preferences, and delivery information, payment method, etc., which will help us better understand you and provide you with a better shopping and service experience. In addition, we will contact you through the email address you provide, and send you Nike marketing information after you agree to this privacy policy. You can choose to unsubscribe from relevant marketing information. If you refuse to become our member and provide these personal information, you will not be able to use all or part of our extended functions, but it will not affect your use of our basic functions. Visitor order inquiry Order number, mobile phone number or email addressUsed to provide order inquiry function. In order to achieve this purpose, we need to collect your order number. At the same time, we also need to collect your mobile phone number or email address to confirm your user identity to avoid the leakage of other people's order information. Member historical order viewing Order information (including order number, order amount, order time, product details) Used to provide members with historical order viewing function. Special edition product sale Email address Used to send winning notifications to winning users and prevent robot programs. Live broadcast User nickname, comments and messages When you participate in and experience our live broadcast activities, you can make comments and submit messages. Please note that the comments you make and the messages you submit should comply with the requirements of laws and regulations. In some live broadcast activities, we will publicly display your message content with your consent. We will also collect and save your nickname, published comment information and message content during the use of Internet live broadcast services in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. Registration for activities Mobile phone number, name, ID number or passport number (optional), etc.You can sign up for our activities through the event experience page. When you sign up for an activity, we will collect your personal information based on the type of activity. Please read our disclaimer and activity privacy terms carefully before signing up for each activity. We will only collect your personal information after you click to agree to the disclaimer and privacy terms each time. Please note that once the activity registration information is submitted, it cannot be modified in principle, so when you sign up for an activity, please be sure to provide true and accurate personal information. After you complete the activity registration, we may contact you through the mobile phone number and name you provided to inform you of the latest information about the activity. Some of our activities require you to provide your ID number or passport number for insurance purchase. Participation in activity shooting photos and videos Some of our activities will have shooting sessions. In these activities, we will shoot participants, and the photos and videos formed will be used for the purpose of event promotion and optimizing the event experience. Since the shooting of these activities may include your character image and behavior, before you sign up for these activities, we will ask and obtain your separate consent on the registration page. If you do not agree to our shooting, you will not be able to sign up for such activities, but it will not affect your registration for our other activities. Customer Service Communication Content When you contact our customer service or make a service request, we will collect the content of your communication with our customer service (which may involve your order number, mobile phone number, courier number, delivery address, and invoicing information) for the following purposes:(1) For some of your questions or needs, we need to verify your identity through information such as your mobile phone number and order number; (2) To update and provide information about the functions, products or services listed in the contract between the two parties; (3) To manage possible exchanges or returns after your purchase, as well as to manage your requests for product arrival information and product reservations through the platform, but this depends on whether our platform provides these functional options at different times; (4) To provide you with invoices and purchase receipts through the platform for the purpose of issuing documents; (5) To ensure that you can use other available functions or services, such as the purchase, receipt, management and use of shopping cards or gift certificates; (6) In some cases, if you cancel your order, we will process a refund for you. Please note that we will only process your personal information to the extent necessary. If you contact us by phone, your call may be recorded to ensure the quality of service and to respond to your requests. 2.3 Basic functions of the SNKRS China App Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Order settlement, payment, and delivery (Guest mode) Mobile phone number, recipient name, delivery address, contact number, payment information (payment time, payment amount, payment channel) Used to complete order settlement, payment, and delivery. This information is necessary to provide basic functions and perform contracts. Extended functions Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Register and log in to a member accountMobile phone number, SMS verification code, login password Used for you to register/login to our member account to enjoy more optimized services. When registering a member account, we need you to provide your mobile phone number and SMS verification code for mobile phone number verification, and provide your mobile phone number as the user login name. The login password will be used as the identity verification when the user logs in. In addition, we will contact you through the mobile phone number you provide, and send you Nike marketing information after you agree to this privacy policy. You can choose to unsubscribe from relevant marketing information. Account Settings Shopping Preferences (Men's/Women's), Shoe Size, Payment Information, Email After you complete the registration of our member account, we will recommend that you complete your account settings. You can provide us with shopping preferences (men's/women's), shoe size and other information, and provide payment information, etc., which will help us provide you with a better shopping and service experience. In addition, we will contact you through the email address you provide, and send you Nike marketing information after you agree to this privacy policy. You can choose to unsubscribe from relevant marketing information. If you refuse to become our member and provide these personal information, you will not be able to use all or part of our extended functions, but it will not affect your use of our basic functions. Visitor order inquiry Order number, mobile phone number or email addressUsed to provide order query function. To achieve this purpose, we need to collect your order number. At the same time, we also need to collect your mobile phone number or email address to confirm your user identity to avoid leaking other people's order information. Member historical order viewing Order information (including order number, order amount, order time, product details) Used to provide members with the function of viewing historical orders. Special edition product release Email address Used to send winning notifications to winning users and prevent robot programs. SNKRS Pass lottery Precise geographic location, rough geographic location In order to provide you with the function of participating in the SNKRS Pass lottery, we will collect your geographic location information after obtaining your consent to find offline stores participating in the SNKRS Pass release event in your area. You can choose to turn off the precise geographic location permission separately in the permission settings of the mobile phone system. After turning it off, when you find offline stores participating in the SNKRS Pass release event in your area, the results obtained may be inaccurate. If you turn off all geographic location permissions, you will not be able to participate in the SNKRS Pass lottery, but it will not affect your use of our basic functions. SNKRS Stash Lottery Precise and Rough Geographic Location In order to provide you with the ability to participate in the SNKRS Stash Lottery, we will collect your geographic location information with your consent to find SNKRS participating in your area.Offline secret locations for Stash sales. If you turn off all location permissions, you will not be able to participate in the SNKRS Stash draw, but it will not affect your use of our basic functions. Customer Service Communication Content When you contact our customer service or make service requests, we will collect the content of your communication with our customer service (which may involve your order number, mobile phone number, courier number, delivery address, and billing information) for the following purposes: (1) For some of your questions or requests, we need to verify your identity through information such as your mobile phone number and order number; (2) Update and provide information about the functions, products or services listed in the contract between the two parties; (3) Manage possible exchanges or returns after your purchase is completed, as well as manage your requests for product arrival information and product reservations through the platform, but this depends on whether our platform provides these functional options at different times; (4) For the purpose of issuing documents, provide you with receipts and purchase receipts through the platform; (5) Ensure that you can use other available functions or services, such as the purchase, receipt, management and use of shopping cards or gift certificates; (6) In some cases, if you cancel your order, we will process a refund for you. Please note that we will only process your personal information to the extent necessary. If you contact us by phone, your call may be recorded to ensure service quality and respond to your request. 2.4 Nike Adapt App Visitor Function Function ScenarioYour personal information Collection purpose and use Guest mode Do not collect You can use the Adapt App in guest mode, and we will not collect your personal information. If you want to adjust the tightness and fit of the Adapt series of sports shoes, you can do it manually. 2.5 Nike WeChat Official Account Functional scenario Your personal information Collection purpose and use Customer service Chat history Help us understand your problems and needs so as to provide you with customer service. 2.6 Nike WeChat Mini Program Basic functions Functional scenario Your personal information Collection purpose and use Order settlement, payment, and delivery (guest mode) Mobile phone number, recipient name, delivery address, contact number, payment information (payment time, payment amount, payment channel) Used to complete order settlement, payment, and delivery. This information is necessary to provide basic functions and perform contracts. Extended functions Functional scenario Your personal information Collection purpose and use Register and log in to a member account Mobile phone number, SMS verification code, date of birth (optional), login password Used for you to register/log in to our member account to enjoy more optimized services. When you register a member account through the Nike WeChat Mini Program, we will obtain your mobile phone number with your authorization. We also need to obtain your login password as authentication when logging in. System Settings Email address, shopping preferences (men/women), shoe sizeAfter you complete the registration of our member account, we will suggest that you provide us with your shopping preferences and shoe size, which will help us provide you with a better shopping and service experience. If you refuse to become our member and provide this personal information, you will not be able to use all or part of our extended functions, but it will not affect your use of our basic functions. Order history and order inquiry Mobile phone number When you request to view the order history or inquire about a specific order, we will provide you with relevant order status feedback. To achieve this purpose, we need you to authorize us to collect your mobile phone number. At the same time, we also need to collect your mobile phone number to confirm your user identity to avoid the leakage of other people's order information. Friends help to choose Shopping cart product content, browsing history When you use our "Friends Help to Choose" function, we need to collect your shopping cart product content and browsing history in order to obtain relevant product information to generate posters for you to share with your WeChat friends. Search product Search history When you use our "Search product" function, we need to collect your search history so that you can quickly find the previously searched products the next time you search for products. At the same time, we will also analyze and count the search history to adjust the display or display of the products, but the presentation is not targeted at individual users. Customer service Communication contentWhen you contact our customer service or make service requests, we will collect the content of your communication with our customer service (which may involve your order number, mobile phone number, courier number, delivery address, and invoicing information) for the following purposes: (1) For some of your questions or requests, we need to verify your identity by obtaining information such as order number and mobile phone number; (2) To update and provide information about the functions, products or services listed in the contract between the two parties; (3) To manage possible exchanges or returns after your purchase, as well as to manage your requests for product arrival information and product reservations through the platform, but this depends on whether our platform provides these functional options at different times; (4) To provide you with receipts and purchase receipts through the platform for the purpose of issuing documents; (5) To ensure that you can use other available functions or services, such as the purchase, receipt, management and use of shopping cards or gift certificates; (6) In some cases, if you cancel your order, we will process a refund for you. Please note that we will only process your personal information to the extent necessary. If you contact us by phone, your call may be recorded to ensure the quality of service and to respond to your requests. 2.7 Swoosh Smart Retail WeChat Mini Program Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Register and log in to a member account Mobile phone number, SMS verification code, date of birth (optional), login passwordUsed for you to register/log in to our member account to enjoy more optimized products/services. When registering a member account, we need you to provide your mobile phone number and SMS verification code for mobile phone number verification, and provide your mobile phone number as the user login name. The login password will be used as the identity verification when the user logs in. If you refuse to become our member and provide these personal information, you will not be able to use all or part of our extended functions, but it will not affect your use of our basic functions. (Note: The Swoosh Smart Retail WeChat applet is only for Nike members, so if you need to use this applet function, you need to register and log in to Nike membership first.) Complete personal profile Recipient name, receiving address, mobile phone number, payment mobile phone number, WeChat nickname, WeChat avatar You can complete your personal information on the Swoosh Smart Retail applet so that we can complete the transaction and delivery of products for you. Among them, we will collect your payment mobile phone number so that we can send you payment information to complete the payment. You can also authorize us to obtain your WeChat nickname and avatar for image display. 2.8 Nike Premium Experience Store WeChat Mini Program Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Order settlement and payment, delivery Mobile phone number, recipient name, delivery address, contact number, payment information (payment time, payment amount, payment channel)Used to complete order settlement, payment and delivery. This information is necessary to provide basic functions and perform contracts. You do not need to register/log in to Nike membership to use the Nike Premium Experience Store WeChat applet. Order history and order inquiry Mobile phone number, SMS verification code When you request to view order history or inquire about a specific order, we will provide you with relevant order status feedback. To achieve this purpose, we need you to authorize us to collect your mobile phone number to confirm your user identity to avoid leaking other people's order information. Customer Service Communication Content When you contact our customer service or make a service request, we will collect the content of your communication with our customer service (which may involve your order number, mobile phone number, courier number, delivery address, invoicing information, and email address) for the following purposes: (1) For some of your questions or needs, we need to verify your identity through information such as your mobile phone number and order number; (2) Update and provide information reminders for the functions, products or services listed in the contract between the two parties; (3) Manage possible exchanges or returns after your purchase is completed, and manage your requests for product arrival information and product reservations through the platform, but this depends on whether our platform provides these functional options at different times; (4) For the purpose of issuing documents, provide you with bills and purchase receipts through the platform and send you electronic invoice links;(5) Ensure that you can use other available features or services, such as the purchase, receipt, management and use of shopping cards or gift certificates; (6) In some cases, if you cancel your order, we will process a refund for you. Please note that we will only process your personal information to the extent necessary. If you contact us by phone, your call may be recorded to ensure the quality of service and respond to your request. 2.9 Nike Member After-Sales Worry-Free Mini Program (including Nike Member After-Sales Worry-Free WeChat Mini Program and Nike Member After-Sales Worry-Free Alipay Mini Program) Functional scenario Your personal information Collection purpose and use Register and log in to a member account Mobile phone number, SMS verification code, date of birth, login password, gender Used for you to register/log in to our member account to enjoy more optimized products/services. When registering a member account, we need you to provide your mobile phone number and SMS verification code for mobile phone number verification, and provide your mobile phone number as the user login name. The login password will be used as the user's identity authentication when logging in. Order history and order inquiry Order number, mobile phone number, email address When you request to view order history or inquire about a specific order, we will provide you with relevant order status feedback. To achieve this purpose, we need to collect your order number and ask you to provide your mobile phone number or email address. Returns Pickup address, return and exchange product information, contact name, contact number, contact address Used to complete door-to-door pickup and return and exchange of goods.Alipay Mini Program Personal Center Alipay avatar, nickname are used to complete personal information and display your Alipay avatar and nickname in the Alipay platform Nike After-Sales Worry-Free Mini Program Personal Center. If you refuse authorization, it will not affect your use of other functions of the Alipay Mini Program. Customer Service Communication Content When you need to make a customer service request, you can contact our customer service by calling the customer service phone number or scanning the QR code to follow the official account. We will collect the content of your communication with our customer service (which may include your order number, mobile phone number, courier number, delivery address, and invoicing information) for the following purposes: (1) For some of your questions or needs, we will verify your identity through your mobile phone number, order number, etc.; (2) Update and provide information reminders for the functions, products or services listed in the contract or order; (3) Manage possible exchanges or returns after your purchase, as well as manage your requests for product arrival information and product reservations through the platform, but this depends on whether our platform provides these functional options at different times; (4) For the purpose of issuing documents, provide you with receipts and purchase receipts through the platform; (5) Ensure that you can use other available functions or services, such as the purchase, receipt, management and use of shopping cards or gift certificates; (6) In some cases, if you cancel your order, we will process a refund for you. Please note that we will only process your personal information to the extent necessary.If you contact us by phone, your call may be recorded to ensure the quality of service and respond to your request. 2.10 NTC WeChat Mini Program Basic functions Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Sports and fitness training Do not collect The basic function of the NTC Mini Program is to provide you with sports and fitness training services. If you only use the basic functions of the NTC Mini Program, you do not need to provide personal information. Extended functions Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Personal information display WeChat nickname, WeChat avatar In order to provide you with the NTC personal information display function, we will obtain authorization from you to collect and use your WeChat nickname and WeChat avatar. If you refuse to provide them, it will not affect your normal use of the basic functions of the NTC Mini Program, but you will not be able to use the personal information display function. Unlock exercise data Collection records, exercise data (including exercise time, exercise quantity, and course browsing records) In order to provide you with better functions and services, you can choose to authorize us to collect and use your other personal information, including your collection records and exercise data (including exercise time, exercise quantity, course browsing records, etc.) on the NTC Mini Program. If you refuse to provide them, it will not affect your normal use of the basic functions of the NTC Mini Program. 2.11 Nike Interactive WeChat Mini Program Basic functions Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Direct train event registration and identity verification Mobile phone numberWe collect your mobile phone number to verify your identity when registering for events and distributing prizes; this information is necessary for event registration. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to complete the event registration. Prize delivery Delivery information (recipient's name, address, contact number) We collect the recipient's name, address, contact number, and email address for the delivery of prizes for the lucky draw. This information is necessary for prize delivery. If you refuse to provide it, we will not be able to complete normal delivery. Extended functions Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Registration and login to member account Mobile phone number, SMS verification code, date of birth (optional), login password Used for you to register/login to our member account to enjoy more optimized services. When registering a member account, we need you to provide your mobile phone number and SMS verification code for mobile phone number verification. The login password will be used as the user's identity verification when logging in. You can choose whether to fill in the date of birth. Personal information display WeChat nickname, avatar When you participate in this event, with your authorization, we will collect your nickname and avatar for personal information display (for example, signing in to summon friends, personal image on the welfare discovery page, and task completion progress display). Walking card draw and group running WeChat sports steps With your authorization, we will obtain your WeChat steps to complete the step card draw task. If you refuse authorization, you will not be able to complete the corresponding task. 2.12 Nike event experience WeChat applet Basic functions Functional scenarios Your personal informationPurpose and Use of Collection Registration for an event Mobile phone number, name, ID number or passport number (optional), etc. You can register for our events through the Nike Event Experience WeChat applet. When registering for an event, we will collect your personal information based on the type of event. Please read our Disclaimer and Event Privacy Terms carefully before registering for each event. We will only collect your personal information after you click to agree to the Disclaimer and Privacy Terms each time. Please note that once the event registration information is submitted, it cannot be modified in principle, so when registering for an event, please be sure to provide true and accurate personal information. After you complete the event registration, we may contact you via the mobile phone number and name you provided to inform you of the latest information about the event. Some of our activities require you to provide your ID number or passport number for the purchase of insurance. Extended functions Functional scenarios Your personal information Purpose and Use of Collection Registration and login to a member account Mobile phone number, SMS verification code, date of birth (optional), login password Used for you to register/login to our member account to enjoy more optimized services. When you register a member account through the Nike Event Experience WeChat Mini Program, we will obtain your mobile phone number with your authorization, and we also need to obtain your login password as identity verification when logging in. (You can enjoy the services of the Nike Event Experience WeChat Mini Program as a guest, but for member-only events, you must register/log in as a member before you can participate) Get event recommendations Rough geographic locationWith your authorization, we will obtain your geographic location information to show you the activities in your city. If you refuse authorization, we will not be able to automatically obtain the location information of your city, but you can manually select the city. Get route Accurate geographic location With your authorization, we will obtain your geographic location information to show you the route planning from the event location. If you refuse authorization, we will not be able to provide this function. Participate in event photography Photos, videos Some of our activities will have photography sessions. In these activities, we will take photos of the participants, and the photos and videos formed will be used for the purpose of event promotion and optimizing the event experience. Because the photography of these activities may include your image and behavior, before you sign up for these activities, we will ask and obtain your separate consent on the registration page. If you do not agree to our photography, you will not be able to sign up for such activities, but it will not affect your registration for our other activities. 2.13 Nike Digital Store WeChat Mini Program Functional scenario Your personal information Collection purpose and use Register and log in to a member account Mobile phone number, SMS verification code, date of birth (optional), login password Used for you to register/log in to our member account to enjoy more optimized services. When you register a membership account through the Nike Digital Store WeChat Mini Program, we will obtain your mobile phone number with your authorization. We also need to obtain your login password as identity verification when logging in. Registration activity Mobile phone number, name, ID number (optional), etc.You can register for the store's activities through the Nike Digital Store WeChat applet. When registering for an activity, we will collect your personal information based on the type of activity. Please read our Disclaimer and Activity Privacy Terms carefully before registering for each activity. We will only collect your personal information after you click to agree to the Disclaimer and Privacy Terms each time. Please note that once the activity registration information is submitted, it cannot be modified in principle, so you must provide true and accurate personal information when registering for an activity. After you complete the activity registration, we may contact you through the mobile phone number and name you provided to inform you of the latest information about the activity. Some of our activities require you to provide your ID number for insurance purchase. (You can enjoy the service of the registration activity as a visitor, but for member-only activities, you need to register/log in to your member account before you can participate) Participate in activity shooting Photos and videos Some of our activities will have shooting sessions. In these activities, we will shoot participants, and the photos and videos formed will be used for the purpose of event promotion and optimizing the event experience. Because the filming of these activities may include your image and behavior, we will ask and obtain your separate consent on the registration page before you sign up for these activities. If you do not agree to our filming, you will not be able to sign up for such activities, but it will not affect your registration for our other activities. 2.14 Nike Tmall Store Basic Functions Functional Scenarios Your Personal Information Collection Purpose and UseOrder settlement, payment and delivery Consignee's name, delivery address, mobile phone number, payment information (payment time, payment amount, payment channel) Used to complete order settlement, payment and delivery. This information is necessary to provide basic functions and perform the contract. Extended functions Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Nike Advanced Member Program Taobao ID, mobile phone number, Taobao avatar You can join the Nike Advanced Member Program to enjoy better services. When joining the Nike Advanced Member Program, we will obtain your Taobao ID, mobile phone number and Taobao avatar with your consent. If you refuse to join the program and provide this personal information, you will not be able to use all or part of our extended functions, but it will not affect your use of our basic functions. Upgrade Challenge Shopping preferences, products you follow, shoe size, birthday After you join the Nike Advanced Member Program, you can provide us with your shopping preferences, products you follow, shoe size and birthday, which will help us provide you with a better shopping and service experience. Wheel Game Taobao nickname, Taobao avatar, Open ID, number of steps We collect your OpenID is your main user identification in the Mini Program for user information matching and verification. In order to provide a better activity experience, we will collect your Taobao nickname and display it in the friend invitation information after desensitization. Customer service will also contact you based on the Taobao nickname for re-awarding when the prize fails. In accordance with relevant laws and regulations, if the prize is awarded immediately and the prize amount exceeds RMB 500, we will publicize your Taobao nickname and the name of the prize. In addition, since the Group Run activity requires you to provide the number of steps, when you upload the number of steps in the Mini Program, we need to obtain the exercise and health permissions of your device. We will obtain your steps after you agree. When you participate in the "Unique" game, we will ask you whether to provide permission to save pictures in your mobile phone album so that you can save pictures. Customer Service Communication Content When you contact our customer service or make a service request, we will collect the content of your communication with our customer service (which may involve your order number, mobile phone number, courier number, delivery address, and billing information) for the following purposes: (1) For some of your questions or requests, we need to verify your identity by obtaining information such as order number and mobile phone number; (2) To update and provide information about the functions, products or services listed in the contract between the two parties;(3) Manage possible exchanges or returns after your purchase, as well as manage your requests for product arrival information and product reservations through the platform, but this depends on whether our platform provides these functional options at different times; (4) Provide you with tickets and purchase receipts through the platform for the purpose of issuing documents; (5) Ensure that you can use other available functions or services, such as the purchase, receipt, management and use of shopping cards or gift certificates; (6) In some cases, if you cancel your order, we will process a refund for you. Please note that we will only process your personal information to the extent necessary. If you contact us by phone, your call may be recorded to ensure the quality of service and respond to your request. 2.15 Nike Douyin Store Basic Functions Functional Scenarios Your Personal Information Collection Purpose and Use Order Settlement, Payment, Delivery Recipient's Name, Receipt Address, Contact Number, Payment Information (Payment Time, Payment Amount, Payment Channel) Used to complete order settlement, payment and delivery. This information is necessary to provide basic functions and perform the contract. Extended functions Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Register and bind a Nike member account Douyin ID, mobile phone numberWhen you join Nike membership, we will obtain your Douyin ID and the mobile phone number you provide with your authorization with your consent to check and verify whether you already have a Nike account. If we find that the mobile phone number has not been registered for a Nike account, (1) if you have a purchase record in the Nike Douyin store in the past 90 days, Nike will open a Nike membership account for you; or (2) if you have no purchase record in the Nike Douyin store in the past 90 days, Nike will open a Nike account for you when you have a purchase record in the Nike Douyin store, or you can also complete the registration of a Nike account through Nike App, Nike official website (www.nike.com.cn) and other online channels designated by Nike. The Nike account is your membership account, and Nike will simultaneously complete the association and binding of the mobile phone number with the Nike account. If we find that the mobile phone number you provided has been registered for a Nike account, Nike will associate and bind it through the Nike Douyin store account. If you refuse to become a Nike member and provide these personal information, you will not be able to use all or part of our extended functions, but it will not affect your use of our basic functions. Customer Service Communication Content When you contact our customer service or make a service request, we will collect the content of your communication with our customer service (which may involve your order number, mobile phone number, courier number, delivery address, and billing information) for the following purposes: (1) For some of your questions or requests, we need to verify your identity by obtaining information such as order number and mobile phone number;(2) To update and provide information about the functions, products or services listed in the contract between the two parties; (3) To manage possible exchanges or returns after your purchase, as well as your requests for product arrival information and product reservations through the platform, but this depends on whether our platform provides these functional options at different times; (4) To provide you with invoices and purchase receipts through the platform for the purpose of issuing invoices; (5) To ensure that you can use other available functions or services, such as the purchase, receipt, management and use of shopping cards or gift certificates; (6) In some cases, if you cancel your order, we will process a refund for you. Please note that we will only process your personal information to the extent necessary. If you contact us by phone, your call may be recorded to ensure the quality of service and respond to your request. 2.16 Nike JD Store Basic Functions Functional Scenarios Your Personal Information Collection Purpose and Use Order Settlement, Payment, and Delivery Consignee's name, delivery address, mobile phone number, payment information (payment time, payment amount, payment channel) Used to complete order settlement, payment and delivery. This information is necessary to provide basic functions and perform the contract. Extended functions Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Register and bind a Nike member account JD ID, mobile phone numberWhen you join Nike membership, we will obtain your Doujingdong ID and the mobile phone number you provide with your authorization with your consent to check and verify whether you already have a Nike account. If we find that the mobile phone number you provide has not been registered for a Nike account, Nike will subsequently open a Nike account for you, and the Nike account will be your membership account. If we find that the mobile phone number you provide has been registered for a Nike account, Nike will subsequently identify the existing Nike membership account through the Nike store and complete the association and binding with the account. Customer Service Communication Content When you contact our customer service or make service requests, we will collect the content of your communication with our customer service (which may involve your order number, mobile phone number, courier number, delivery address, and invoicing information) for the following purposes: (1) For some of your questions or requests, we need to verify your identity by obtaining information such as order number and mobile phone number; (2) Update and provide information reminders for the functions, products or services listed in the contract between the two parties; (3) Manage possible exchanges or returns after your purchase is completed, as well as manage your requests for product arrival information and product reservations through the platform, but this depends on whether our platform provides these functional options at different times; (4) For the purpose of issuing documents, provide you with receipts and purchase receipts through the platform; (5) Ensure that you can use other available functions or services, such as the purchase, receipt, management and use of shopping cards or gift certificates;(6) In some cases, if you cancel your order, we will process a refund for you. Please note that we will only process your personal information to the extent necessary. If you contact us by phone, your call may be recorded to ensure the quality of service and respond to your requests. 2.17 Nike offline self-operated stores Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Member services Member code, order information When you shop at Nike's offline self-operated stores, you can show your Nike membership code. We can use your membership identity information to query and verify the relevant member discount code for discounts or gift redemption of purchased goods. We will also record your corresponding order information for you to review. (Note: This functional scenario is only applicable to Nike members.) 2.18 Nike offline authorized dealer stores Functional scenarios Your personal information Collection purpose and use Member services Member code, order information When you shop at Nike's offline authorized dealer stores, you can show your Nike membership code. We can use your membership code to identify your Nike membership and provide you with Nike member-exclusive products, member gifts, member rewards and other member-exclusive benefits. (Note: This feature scenario is only applicable to Nike members; we may entrust Nike offline authorized dealers to implement necessary data processing) 2.19 Send information about our products, services, activities and other promotional purposesWith your consent, we will use the email address and/or mobile phone number you provide us to send you marketing information and news about Nike products, services, activities and other promotional projects as permitted by laws and regulations. You can choose to unsubscribe from relevant marketing information and news at any time via SMS and/or email. In order to show and recommend products/services that may interest you, we will collect and use your browsing, purchase, and transaction records when you visit or use Nike websites, mobile Internet applications and other platforms to predict your preference characteristics. Based on your preference characteristics, we will only push and present personalized recommendations to you in Nike App and personalized content push in third-party advertisements. If you do not want to see or receive product and service recommendations based on your preference characteristics in Nike App and third-party advertising platforms, you can go to "Settings-Privacy" in Nike App to set it up. 2.20 Operate, improve and maintain our business, products/services We use the personal information you provide to us to operate our business. When you use our websites, apps and WeChat mini programs, we will collect this information for accounting, auditing and other internal functions. We use personal information about how you use our products/services to help us diagnose technical and service problems, and manage our websites, apps, WeChat mini programs, etc. 2.21 General survey and analysis purposesWe use data about how users use the features and services of our websites, apps, and WeChat mini programs to understand users' overall behavior and preferences. We use information about how users search for and find products on Nike websites, apps, WeChat mini programs, etc. to better understand the best way to arrange and present products in our stores, but such arrangement and presentation are not targeted at individual users. 2.22 Protecting our or others' rights, property, or safety To improve the safety of your use of Nike products/services, protect the personal and property safety of you or other users or the public from infringement, better prevent security risks such as phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusions, and more accurately identify violations of laws, regulations, or relevant protocol rules, we will obtain your device information (UUID, Android ID, OAID, IDFA, IDFV and other device identification codes), device account data, network information (IP address, MAC address, SSID, etc.), application information (application installation list), browser information (including browser type), sensor information, etc. We will use this information to comprehensively judge, detect and prevent security incidents, including preventing or detecting fraud, abuse, illegal use, violations of our Terms of Use and/or Terms of Sale, and executing court orders, government requirements or applicable laws. 2.23 Device Permission InvocationTo ensure the normal implementation of relevant business functions, some of our apps and mini-programs need to call the corresponding necessary permissions according to the specific usage scenarios, and pop up a window to ask you before calling. For specific permission calls, please see the attachment: Nike Permission List. You can choose to turn off some or all permissions in the settings of your device or app or mini-program, which may cause the corresponding business functions to fail to be implemented or fail to achieve the expected results. In order to ensure that some of our apps (limited to the SNKRS China App) are closed or running in the background, users can normally receive the broadcast information pushed by the App, and the (self-start) capability must be used. There will be a certain frequency of broadcasts sent through the system to wake up this application to start or associate startup behaviors, which is necessary for the realization of functions and services. 2.24 Exceptions to Consent According to laws and regulations, we may collect and use your personal information without your consent in the following circumstances: (1) Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party; (2) Necessary for the performance of statutory duties or obligations; (3) Necessary for responding to public health emergencies, or for protecting your or others life, health, and property safety in an emergency; (4) Processing your personal information within a reasonable scope for news reporting, public opinion supervision, and other activities in the public interest; (5) Processing your personal information that you have disclosed voluntarily or that has been legally disclosed within a reasonable scope in accordance with the provisions of this Law; (6)Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations. III. How we protect the personal information of minors Please be advised that we protect the personal information security of minors in accordance with the requirements of my country's laws and regulations. Our products and services are mainly for adults, and we have no intention to collect personal information of minors. However, since birthday is not necessary information for us to provide basic functions, in some cases, we cannot identify the user's age. Therefore, we require minors under the age of 14 not to provide us with their name, contact address, telephone number and other personal information. If we find that we have collected personal information of minors under the age of 14 without obtaining verifiable parental or guardian consent in advance, we will delete the relevant information as soon as possible. If we have evidence to prove that you have violated the above agreement, we have the right to stop providing Nike products/services to you. If you are the parent or guardian of a minor and have any questions, opinions and concerns about the personal information of the minor you are protecting, please contact us in the manner published in Article 10 "Questions and Feedback" of this Privacy Policy. IV. How do we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information 4.1 Entrusted processingIn order to better realize the functions of our products/services, some functions may be provided by our technical service partners, and we may entrust others to process some of your personal information. We will sign a strict confidentiality agreement with the companies, organizations and individuals we entrust to process your personal information, stipulating the purpose, period, processing method, type of personal information, protection measures and the rights and obligations of both parties, and supervise the trustee's personal information processing activities. Once the entrustment relationship is terminated, we will require the trustee to return the personal information or delete it, and shall not retain it. We will entrust the following trustees to assist us in providing customer support: A. Advertising service providers: In order to provide you with better services, we may provide your personal information to advertising service partners; B. Analysis service providers: In order to better analyze your use of Nike products and/or services, we may provide the service providers of analysis data with data on the number, regional distribution, and activity of Nike users, but we will only provide these partners with statistical information that cannot identify personal identities (for example, "25-year-old men in Hangzhou like to buy running shoes"); C.Logistics service providers: For the purpose of fulfilling the contract between you and us for the purchase and use of Nike products and services, we will entrust third-party warehousing, logistics and service providers to provide you with logistics services. We may provide them with your consignee's name, address and mobile phone number to complete the delivery of the product. If you do not provide such information, our aforementioned partners will not be able to deliver the goods for you. D. Authorized dealers: In order to enable Nike members to enjoy more member benefits when shopping at authorized dealers' stores (for example, purchasing member-exclusive products, obtaining member gifts and rewards and other exclusive benefits), we may entrust our authorized dealers to collect your member code and order information so that we can identify your membership and issue member benefits. E. Third-party software development kit (SDK): In order to better provide you with services, we use third-party SDKs. These third-party SDKs may collect your personal information, such as clipboard information, while cooperating with us to provide you with more comprehensive services. We will take necessary measures to control the collection and use of your personal information by such third-party SDKs to ensure that your personal information is effectively protected. For details about the name, type, type of personal information collected, purpose of collection, and link to the third-party privacy policy of the third-party SDK, please refer to the Nike Third-Party SDK List. 4.2 SharingTo enable the functions of our products and services, we may provide your personal information to other personal information processors, including: (1) Payment institutions: For the purpose of fulfilling the contract between you and us for purchasing and using Nike products and services, we need to provide your order number, order amount, and payment time to WeChat, Alipay, and UnionPay so that they can confirm your payment instructions and complete the order payment: WeChat: Tenpay Payment Technology Co., Ltd., customer service phone: 95017 Alipay: Alipay (China) Network Technology Co., Ltd., customer service phone: 95188 UnionPay: China UnionPay Co., Ltd., customer service phone: 95516 (2) Affiliates: other Nike entities, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. (3) Sharing with other third parties to the extent necessary for the following: (i) complying with government requests, court orders, or applicable laws; (ii) preventing illegal use of Nike products/services or violations of our Terms of Use, Terms of Sale, and other policies; (iii) defending us against third-party claims; and (iv) assisting in fraud prevention or investigation (e.g., counterfeiting). In addition to the above, if we provide your personal information to other personal information processors, we will inform you of the recipient's name or name, contact information, processing purpose, processing method and type of personal information. If laws and regulations require us to obtain your separate consent, we will obtain your separate consent as required. 4.3 TransferWe will not transfer your personal information to third-party companies, organizations or individuals without your consent. If the transfer is necessary due to merger, division, dissolution, bankruptcy, etc., we will inform you of the name or name and contact information of the recipient before the transfer, and require the recipient to continue to perform the obligations of the personal information processor. If the recipient changes the original processing purpose and processing method, we will require it to obtain your consent again in accordance with the law. 4.4 Public Disclosure We will not disclose your personal information processed by us unless you agree separately. When you use certain social features of our websites, apps, WeChat mini-programs and other channels, you can create a public profile containing your account name and other information, you can also provide public product reviews in our relevant product interfaces, and you can also share content with your friends or the public, including information about your Nike activities. We recommend that you use the tools we provide to manage Nike social sharing to control the information you provide through Nike social features (for example, at your request, we can delete your messages and comments in our Nike Tmall store). Some of our websites and apps allow you to interact with various other digital products and services. For example, our websites and apps may interact with third-party devices for activity tracking, social networking, music streaming services and other digital services.If you choose to link your Nike account with a third-party device or account, your privacy rights on the third-party platform will be subject to their respective policies. For example, if you choose to share your Nike activities on a third-party social media platform, the policies of these platforms will govern the data stored on the platform. Our website and App will provide links to other (third-party) websites and applications for your convenience or reference. The linked websites and applications have their own privacy statements or policies, which we strongly recommend that you review. In the case of any linked website or application that we do not own or control, we are not responsible for its content, any use of the website or application, or the privacy practices of the website or application. And please be aware that if you actively disclose and share your relevant information to a third-party platform (such as WeChat friends/friend circle/QQ/etc.). In this case, the shared information will be disseminated immediately and widely. Once you share such information, it is difficult to ensure that when you need to delete the information, the information you shared will be completely deleted from all Internet platforms that accept the forwarding. In some cases, even if you delete your public or shared information from our website, App, or WeChat Mini Program, such information may still remain in areas accessible to the public, and may still be cached, copied, or stored independently by other users or third parties that are not associated with us and not controlled by us, and saved by other users or such third parties in areas accessible to the public. V. How do you exercise your rights as a subject of personal information? 5.1Review, supplement or correct your personal information You have the right to access your Nike account through the Nike App at any time to review, supplement or correct your personal information. If you find that your personal information collected, stored, used or disclosed by us is wrong or needs to be updated, or in other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations, you can request to correct your personal information, but in any case, you must ensure the authenticity and accuracy of the data you provide. If you suffer any loss due to providing wrong, inaccurate or incomplete information, you need to be responsible for it. If you want to review, supplement or correct your other personal information, or encounter difficulties in exercising the above rights, you can send an email to privacy@nike.com. We will respond to your request in a timely manner after verifying your identity, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or otherwise agreed in this Privacy Policy. 5.2 Copy and transfer You have the right to copy or request the transfer of your personal information. You can send an email to privacy@nike.com and we will provide it in a timely manner. If you request to transfer your personal information to the personal information processor designated by you, we will provide a way to transfer it if it meets the conditions stipulated by the competent authority. 5.3 Deletion of your personal information We will actively delete your personal information in the following circumstances. If we have not deleted it, you have the right to request that we delete it:(1) The purpose of processing has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of processing; (2) We stop providing Nike products or services, or the retention period has expired; (3) You withdraw your consent; (4) We process personal information in violation of laws, administrative regulations or agreements; (5) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations. You can also send an email to privacy@nike.com, and we will respond to your request in a timely manner after verifying your identity, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or otherwise agreed in this Privacy Policy. You hereby agree that once the deletion request is responded to, your personal information will be deleted or anonymized, unless otherwise provided by laws, regulations or normative documents. Please also be aware that we may not delete the corresponding information from the backup system immediately, but will delete it when the backup system is updated. 5.4 Restriction of processing of your personal information Please be aware that in order for you to use Nike products and/or services normally, you need to provide us with some basic personal information. If you have a Nike account, you can modify your preferences in "Settings> Communication Preferences" in the Nike App and choose not to receive marketing communications from Nike. You may also choose to opt out of receiving our communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link to modify your email or SMS subscription or following the opt-out instructions in the message. Alternatively, you may contact us using the contact details in Section 10 of this Privacy Policy. 5.5 Withdrawal of Your ConsentYou can give or withdraw your authorization consent at any time for your personal information that we collect based on your consent. You can change the scope of your authorization for us to continue to collect your personal information or withdraw your authorization by deleting information, turning off device functions, etc., or by contacting us by sending an email to privacy@nike.com. You can also withdraw all authorizations for us to continue to collect your personal information by logging out of your account. However, please note that for some types of personal information, such as information necessary to achieve the basic functions of Nike products/services or information necessary for us to fulfill our obligations under applicable laws and regulations, we may not be able to respond to your request to withdraw consent or authorization. Except for such situations where we are unable to respond, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information after you withdraw your consent or authorization, but your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect our previous personal information processing activities based on your consent or authorization. 5.6 Cancel your account If you wish to cancel your Nike account, you can do so in any of the following ways: (1) Self-service cancellation: Go to the Nike App "Settings > Delete Account" to complete account cancellation; (2) Call customer service: Call Nike official customer service at 400-880-6453.After receiving your instructions to cancel your account, we will delete your account and personal information within 15 working days. Please note that your cancellation of your account is irreversible, so we recommend that you choose to cancel your account with caution. 5.7 Responding to your request When you contact us by email at privacy@nike.com and request to exercise the user rights described in Articles 5.1-5.6 of this Privacy Policy, to ensure security, we may first require you to submit relevant proof to verify your identity before processing your request. In principle, we will complete the verification and processing of your request within 15 working days after receiving your request. In principle, we do not charge any fees for your reasonable requests. For information that is not directly related to your identity or unwarranted duplication of information, or requires too many technical means (for example, the need to develop a new system or fundamentally change the current practice), poses risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or is impractical, we may explain the reasons to you. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about your personal information subject rights, or require us to explain this Privacy Policy, you can also contact us through the methods in Article 10 of this Privacy Policy. We will explain it to you in a timely manner. VI. How to protect your personal informationIf a personal information security incident occurs, we will respond according to our incident management plan. We will also report security incidents to the competent authorities in accordance with applicable laws. We have used security protection measures that meet industry standards to protect the personal information you provide to prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of data. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that irrelevant personal information is not collected. We will also take a variety of technical and organizational security measures to protect the security of your personal information, including encryption and verification tools. If you are our member, we also ask you to keep your login account and password safe. When you use our products/services, we will identify you through your login account and password. If you disclose previous information (including your login account and password), you may suffer losses and bear legal consequences that are unfavorable to you. If you find that your login account and/or password may or has been leaked, please contact us immediately so that we can take appropriate measures to avoid or mitigate related losses.The Internet environment is not 100% secure. We will do our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send to us. If our physical, technical, or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear the corresponding legal liability. After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, your own suggestions for preventing and reducing risks, and remedial measures for you. At the same time, we will also proactively report the disposal of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities. You can contact us by sending an email to privacy@nike.com. After we confirm your identity, we will reply to you within 15 working days or within the time limit required by laws and regulations. VII. How to store your personal informationPersonal information collected and generated by us in Mainland China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan for the purpose of this Privacy Policy) is stored on servers in Mainland China. As a global multinational company, Nike adopts globally integrated standards for our products/services, management, etc. to ensure business continuity and system security. If we subsequently transfer your personal information across borders, we will obtain your separate consent. At the same time, we will fulfill the obligations related to the cross-border transfer of personal information in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, and ensure that the overseas recipient protects your personal information to a degree not less than that specified in this Privacy Policy through contractual agreements and other forms. Your personal information will be stored for a reasonable period of time required to achieve the purposes described in this Privacy Policy (unless applicable law requires a longer storage period). Generally speaking, this means that we will also keep your personal information as long as you maintain a Nike account. For personal information related to product purchases, the reasonable period will be longer so that we can fulfill our legal obligations (such as tax and sales laws and for warranty purposes). 8. COOKIE AND PIXEL TAG Our website uses various methods such as cookies and pixel tags to collect this information (not applicable to Apps), which may include your (i) IP address; (ii) unique cookie identifier, cookie information, and information about whether your device has software installed that can access certain features; (iii) unique device identifiers (such as UUID,Android ID, OAID, IDFA, IDFV) and device type; (iv) domain name, browser type and language; (v) operating system and system settings; (vi) country and time zone; (vii) previously visited websites; (viii) information about your interaction with our website, such as click behavior, shopping preferences and demonstrated preferences; and (ix) number of visits and visit paths. In addition, third parties may also collect information through the website using cookies, third-party plug-ins and widgets. These third parties collect data directly from your web browser and the processing of this data is subject to their own privacy policies. We use cookies and pixel tags to track your use of the website and understand your preferences (such as country and language selection). This helps us provide you with services and improve your online experience. We also use cookies and pixel tags to obtain aggregate data about website traffic and website interaction, identify trends and obtain statistics to improve our website. Our website generally uses three types of cookies: (1) Functional: These cookies are required for basic website functions and are therefore always enabled. These cookies include cookies that allow you to be remembered while you browse our website within a single session, or between sessions at your request.Cookies. They help enable shopping cart and checkout functions and provide security and compliance assistance. (2) Performance: These cookies enable us to improve the functionality of our website by tracking usage. In some cases, these cookies can increase the speed with which we process your request and allow us to remember your selected website preferences. If you reject these cookies, it may result in poor customized recommendations and reduced website performance. (3) Social media and advertising: With social media cookies, you can connect with social networks and share content from Nike products/services through social media. (Third-party) advertising cookies collect information to better customize advertisements that are of interest to you and are used to push and present personalized content in Nike products (currently limited to Nike App) and personalized push on third-party advertising platforms. In some cases, these cookies involve processing your personal information. Rejecting these cookies will result in you seeing advertisements that are not relevant to you. In addition, if you do not want to see or receive personalized content in Nike App and third-party advertising platform products, you can go to "Settings-Privacy" in Nike App to set it. In order to comprehensively summarize the list of third parties that access your web browser, we recommend that you install a web browser plug-in that can achieve this purpose. You can also choose to send cookies every time, or turn off all cookies. You can do this through the browser settings on the browser and device you use. Each browser is slightly different, so please check your browser help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn off cookies, you may not be able to use many features that help our websites and apps run more efficiently, and some of our services may not work properly. IX. Changes to our Privacy Policy We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we decide to update our Privacy Policy, we will publish the changes on our official website, App, WeChat Mini Program, etc., and such changes will constitute part of this Privacy Policy. If we make significant changes to the way we handle your personal information, we will obtain your explicit consent. Without your consent, we will not reduce the rights you should enjoy under this Privacy Policy. Please read the changed Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, or have objections to the changes and updates to this Privacy Policy, you can choose to stop using Nike products/services or cancel your Nike account. Please be aware that your actions and activities before your account is cancelled and before you stop using Nike products/services are still subject to this Privacy Policy. We strongly recommend that you read our Privacy Policy and keep abreast of our practices.This Privacy Policy was last updated in May 2024. From the date of the effective date of this revised Privacy Policy, your purchase and use of Nike products/services provided by us in mainland China, access, browse and use of Nike official website, App, WeChat mini program and other online services will be deemed that you have fully understood and fully agreed to the revised Privacy Policy. If there are major and substantial changes, we will notify you in a prominent manner according to the specific circumstances. Major and substantial changes include but are not limited to: (1) Major changes in our service model. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way personal information is used, etc.; (2) Major changes in our ownership structure, organizational structure, etc., such as changes in owners caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy and mergers and acquisitions, etc.; (3) Changes in the main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure; (4) Major changes in your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and the way in which they are exercised; (5) When our responsible department, contact information and complaint channels for handling personal information security change; (6) When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates a high risk. X. Questions and Feedback We welcome questions, comments and concerns about our privacy policy and privacy practices. If you wish to provide feedback or have questions or concerns, or wish to exercise your rights with respect to your personal information, please contact us by: (i) using the Contact Us section of our website; (ii) sending an email toprivacy@nike.com, we will complete the verification and processing within 15 working days after receiving your comments and suggestions. If we are unable to respond to your request, we will send you a notice and explain the reasons within the maximum time limit required by law. The contact information of our personal information protection officer is: Nike Privacy Office, Nike Business (China) Co., Ltd., No. 99 Jiangwancheng Road, Yangpu District, Shanghai, China; or privacy@nike.com. If you contact us with a privacy complaint, we will evaluate it in order to solve the problem in a timely and effective manner. If you are not satisfied with the response you received, you can file a complaint with the relevant regulatory authority.