Privacy Policy Introduction Welcome to use Scallop. Scallop.com and its affiliated websites and software (hereinafter referred to as Scallop) are managed by Nanjing Beiwan Information Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliates (including but not limited to Nanjing Treasure Island Information Technology Co., Ltd.). Scallop highly respects and protects the privacy rights of every user. Nanjing Beiwan Information Technology Co., Ltd. attaches great importance to the protection of users' personal information and privacy. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services and a safer Internet environment, we have updated the "User Privacy" related content originally reflected in the "User Privacy and Use Agreement" in accordance with the "Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China", "Information Security Technology Personal Information Security Specification" (GB/T 35273-2020) and other relevant laws, regulations and technical specifications, and published it separately in the form of this "Privacy Policy". This update contains more content, further clarifies the principles of collection/use/external provision, and further elaborates on the relevant rights regarding your personal information.This policy applies to all products and services of Nanjing Beiwan Information Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliates (including but not limited to Nanjing Treasure Island Information Technology Co., Ltd.) (including but not limited to Scallop Words, Scallop Words English Edition, Scallop English, Scallop Reading, Scallop Listening, Scallop Listening and Speaking, Scallop Speaking, Scallop Programming, Scallop Classroom, Scallop Learning Management System, Scallop Postgraduate Entrance Examination, etc.). This policy is closely related to our products or services that you use. When you download, install, start, browse, register, log in, and use Scallop's products or services, we will process and protect your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this policy. We will try to explain the technical terms involved in this policy to you in a concise and concise manner so that you can understand. When you use Scallop's products or services, Scallop may collect and use your relevant information. To this end, we hope to explain to you through this Privacy Policy how Scallop obtains, uses, shares, saves and manages this information. Please read and fully understand this policy (especially the content in bold) before using or continuing to use our products and services, and make appropriate choices according to the guidance of this policy when necessary. This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following: Chapter 1 How to collect your personal information Chapter 2 How to use your personal information Chapter 3 APP application permissions involving personal privacy and usage instructions Chapter 4 How to use cookies and similar technologies Chapter 5 How to share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal informationChapter 6 How to Protect Your Personal Information Chapter 7 How to Save Your Personal Information Chapter 8 Manage, View or Delete Your Personal Information Chapter 9 Protection of Information of Minors Chapter 10 How to Update This Policy Chapter 11 Complaints and Suggestions Chapter 12 Others Chapter 1 How to Collect Your Personal Information Definition: According to Appendix A (Informative Appendix) - Personal Information Examples - Table A.1 of GB/T35273 "Information Security Technology Personal Information Security Specification", personal information refers to various information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify the identity of a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information, or reflect the activities of a specific natural person, such as name, date of birth, identification number, personal biometric information, address, communication contact information, communication records and content, account passwords, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, health and physiological information, transaction information, etc. According to Appendix B (Informative Appendix) - Determination of Personal Sensitive Information - Table B.1 in GB/T35273 "Personal Information Security Specification", personal sensitive information refers to personal information that, once leaked, illegally provided or abused, may endanger personal and property safety, easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment, such as personal property information, personal health and physiological information, personal biometric information, personal identity information, network identity information and other information. 1.1 You provide relevant personal information to Scallop 1.1.1In order to use Scallop's products or services, you first need to register an account and log in. You can choose to create an account for Scallop's products or services and log in ("Account Login") through WeChat, QQ, Weibo, mobile phone login, etc. 1.1.1.1 If you choose mobile phone login, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number. We collect this information to identify and verify your identity. This also helps Scallop bind your mobile phone number to your Scallop account, so as to synchronize the data under the account between different devices. If you refuse to provide your mobile phone number, you will not be able to log in with your mobile phone number, nor will you be able to synchronize data with your mobile phone number. If you choose to log in with a third-party account such as WeChat, QQ or Weibo account, you do not need to provide us with your mobile phone number. However, after you log in, you can choose to provide us with your mobile phone number to complete your account information. Your failure to provide additional information may affect your use of some of Scallop's products or services. 1.1.1.2 When you choose to log in to Scallop products or services through third-party accounts such as WeChat, QQ or Weibo, you agree that we will obtain the information you authorize to share from third parties such as WeChat, QQ or Weibo (WeChat, QQ login: obtain the user's public information, including avatar, nickname, region and gender; Weibo login: access public information and friend information), and agree to bind your third-party account with your Scallop product or service account, so that you can directly log in and use Scallop products or services through the third-party account.And use this account to synchronize data between different devices. We will use the personal information you authorize to share in accordance with the agreement with the third party and in compliance with relevant laws and regulations. If you refuse to agree that Scalypse obtains the information you authorize to share from a third party, you will not be able to register and log in to a Scalypse account through third-party accounts such as WeChat, QQ or Weibo, nor can you synchronize data with the third-party account. 1.1.1.3 After registration is completed, you can choose to synchronize the avatar and nickname of your Scalypse account with the avatar and nickname of the bound WeChat, QQ or Weibo account through authorization (but not synchronizing will not affect your use of Scalypse's products or services). The avatar and nickname are both your account information. Scalypse will protect the personal information involved in the account information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 1.1.1.4 When you purchase paid products and services provided by Scalypse, in order to fulfill the agreement you signed with us to provide you with Scalypse's course explanations, supervisor group operations and other services, you may need to provide Scalypse with your mobile phone number and WeChat account. In order to help you complete transactions smoothly, ensure your transaction security, query order information, etc., when you place an order or complete a transaction, we will collect your transaction product/service information, order number, transaction amount, payment method, contact number, bank account number and other information. If your purchase is made through a third party, we may also collect your third-party payment account (Alipay account, WeChat account, Tmall/Taobao account, Apple account). 1.1.2 When you use Scallop products or services, you may contact Scallop customer service for account management, product use and other issues. To this end, in order to verify your identity, you may need to provide Scallop with your name, mobile phone number, mobile phone recharge records, purchase records, payment records, system operation records & photos, bank account number, third-party payment platform account (Alipay account, WeChat account, Tmall/Taobao account, Apple account), communication records and content with Scallop and other information related to your use of Scallop products or services, so that Scallop's customer service staff can contact you and help you solve related problems. If you refuse to provide relevant information, Scallop may not be able to help you solve related problems. 1.2 Scallop collects the relevant equipment and network information you use When you use Scallop's products or services, Scallop will collect the relevant equipment information you use in order to provide you with continuous and stable service support (such as real-time synchronization of data, etc.), and at the same time help Scallop continuously improve its products or services, so that you can get the best experience in the process of using Scallop's products or services. The device information you use that Scallop collects includes device name, device model, hardware serial number, operating system and application version and type, language setting, resolution, random access memory of mobile terminal, login IP address, network access method,Network quality data, mobile network information (including operator name), log information (such as operation logs, service logs), etc. 1.3 Information collected by Scaly by calling permissions 1.3.1 In order to improve the user experience and convenience of Scaly products or services, Scaly may collect the following personal information from you by calling device permissions. If you do not agree to provide this personal information, you may not be able to use the functions related to improving user experience, and you may also need to manually fill in some information repeatedly when using Scaly products or services. 1.3.2 If you want to upload picture information to Scaly, you can choose to authorize Scaly to call the album permissions in the device you are using. 1.3.3 If you want to quickly and conveniently complete payment through a third-party mobile operator, if your device supports it, you can choose to authorize the call of mobile operator-related permissions (such as SMS) in the device you are using so that you can quickly and conveniently complete payment. 1.3.4 If you want to upload your recordings to Scaly, you can choose to authorize Scaly to call the microphone permissions of the device you are using. 1.3.5 If you want to implement or experience the above functions, you may need to open your corresponding access rights to Scaly in your device. You can also choose to close the corresponding access rights at any time to cancel the corresponding authorization. The display and closing methods of permissions may vary in different devices. Please refer to the instructions or guidelines of the device and system developer for details. 1.3.6If you wish to use some specific Scallop products or services (such as Scallop Listening and Speaking, Scallop Listening, Scallop Speaking, Scallop Sentence Training, etc.), you may need to choose to authorize Scallop to collect your recordings and other voice materials in these courses. After obtaining your authorization, Scallop may display your personal information (such as gender, avatar, nickname, voice materials such as recordings formed in Scallop, etc.) in related products or services (such as rankings, participating in discussions, leaving messages) for other users to view. 1.3.7 In order to statistically analyze data and better optimize product design, Scallop promises to de-identify and anonymize the data and information such as birthday, gender, region, personal introduction, and recordings formed in Scallop before conducting statistics and analysis. 1.3.8 In order to recommend suitable products or services to you and fulfill the agreement signed between the two parties, Scallop will collect your personal Internet records, including: browsing records, usage records, click records, learning data, etc. generated when you use Scallop products or services. 1.4 Information collected from you by third parties 1.4.1 Collection of relevant personal information by third-party payment service providers You can obtain products and virtual products related to Scallop products or services, including shells, course services, etc., by paying Scallop. The above payment services may be provided by third parties other than Scallop, and Scallop will not obtain your payment-related password and other information. However, it may obtain your third-party payment account (Alipay account, WeChat account, Tmall/Taobao account, Apple account). If you want to know the specific rules of third-party service providers collecting personal information, please refer to the privacy policy of the third-party payment service provider you choose. 1.4.2 Collection of relevant personal information by third-party advertising service providers Scallop may cooperate with third-party service providers to integrate third-party services into Scallop's products or services (such as placing advertisements, links or other forms of promotional content). 1.4.2.1 Advertising push and delivery Scallop may share information with partners who conduct promotion and advertising, but we will not share information that identifies you personally (such as mobile phone number, nickname, avatar), and will only provide these partners with indirect portrait tags that cannot identify you personally and de-identified device information or anonymized device, network, channel and other information to help them improve the effective reach of advertising without identifying you personally. 1.4.2.2 Advertising statistics Scallop may share de-identified device information or statistical information with service providers, suppliers and other partners of the business, which is difficult or impossible to associate with your real identity. This information will help us analyze and measure the effectiveness of advertising and related services. 1.4.2.3 Third-party service providers accessed through Scallop products or services may have their own privacy policies, which are not subject to this Privacy Policy.Third-party service providers may collect personal information required to provide you with services in accordance with their own privacy policies. Scallop will try its best to require third-party service providers to comply with relevant laws and regulations when processing your personal information and to take relevant confidentiality and security measures, but Scallop cannot guarantee that they will take corresponding measures in accordance with our requirements. 1.5 You must be fully aware that, in the following circumstances, Scallop does not need to obtain your authorization to collect and use personal information: 1.5.1 Related to Scallop’s performance of obligations prescribed by laws and regulations; 1.5.2 Directly related to national security and national defense security; 1.5.3 Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests; 1.5.4 Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; 1.5.5 For the purpose of safeguarding the major legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person concerned; 1.5.6 The personal information collected is disclosed to the public by the personal information subject on his own initiative; 1.5.7 It is necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract at the request of the personal information subject; 1.5.8 Your personal information is collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels; 1.5.9 It is necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as discovering and handling product or service failures; 1.6According to the law, providing de-identified personal information to a third party and ensuring that the data recipient cannot restore and re-identify the subject of the personal information does not constitute external sharing, transfer or public disclosure of personal information, and the preservation and processing of such data will not require additional notification to you and your consent. Chapter 2 How to Use Your Personal Information After collecting your personal information, Scallop will use your personal information in accordance with the following rules: 2.1 The collected personal information will be used in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy and to realize the product or service functions of Scallop. 2.2 Please note that for all personal information you provide when using Scallop's products or services, you will continue to authorize us to use it during the use of the product or service and before the account is cancelled, unless you delete it or refuse us to collect it through relevant settings. However, when you cancel your account, Scallop will stop using and delete your personal information. 2.3 Scallop will collect statistics on the use of its products or services, and may share these statistical information with the public or third parties to show the overall usage trend of Scallop's products or services. However, these statistical information will not contain any of your identity information. 2.4 When Scallop wants to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this Policy, or use information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, Scallop will proactively seek your explicit consent in advance.This app contains a personalized push function to provide you with content or services that better suit your interests and needs. To achieve this function, we may collect and process the following information: your device information (such as device model, operating system version, etc.), your usage behavior (such as browsing history, click history, favorites, usage time, etc.), and other relevant information. The processing of such information will be carried out under the premise of strict confidentiality and will only be used for the above purposes. If you want to turn off the personalized content we push to you, you can turn off the personalized recommendation content in "Settings-Recommendation Settings". Chapter 3 APP application permissions involving personal privacy and usage description 3.1 The first category, Scallop Vocabulary/Scallop Vocabulary English Edition/Scallop English/Scallop Reading/Scallop Listening/Scallop Listening and Speaking/Scallop Speaking/Scallop Programming/Scallop Classroom/Scallop Learning Management System/Scallop Postgraduate Entrance Examination, etc. actively apply for reading and writing external storage Permission description: cache learning data, download opening screen & punch-in pictures, select pictures to upload in scenes such as the Help Feedback Center Permission declaration code: WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE, READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE Phone permission, read device information Permission description: This permission is only used to obtain IMEI code for user activity, retention and other data statistics Permission declaration code: READ_PHONE_STATE Microphone Permission description: used for sentence follow-up training in the oral modulePermission declaration code: RECORD_AUDIO Camera Permission description: Used for taking photos to look up words and other functions to obtain image data; used to take photos to record wrong questions and obtain image data Permission declaration code: CAMERA Calendar Permission description: Used to access the calendar and set schedule reminders Permission declaration code: READ_CALENDAR, WRITE_CALENDAR Device information (Android ID, OAID, MAC address, IP address, IMEI, IDFA, IDFV) Permission description: Read the above device information for user activity, retention and other data statistics Message push Permission description: Used to push notifications, reminders and other content Permission declaration code: POST_NOTIFICATIONS Widget update Permission description: Used to regularly update the content in the desktop widget. When necessary, the App will start the desktop widget-related process in the background Related code: android.appwidget.action.APPWIDGET_UPDATE / miui.appwidget.action.APPWIDGET_UPDATE / shanbay.appwidget.action.APPWIDGET_UPDATE 3.2 The second category: third-party SDK code contains the corresponding permission stringIn order to ensure the realization of relevant functions of the Scallop APP and the safe and stable operation of the application, Scallop may access the development kit (SDK) provided by third-party software to achieve related purposes. Scallop will conduct strict security monitoring of the software tool development kit (SDK) used by partners to obtain information to protect data security. Scallop lists the relevant third-party SDKs it has accessed in the catalog. Please note that the third-party SDK may cause certain changes in the type of data processing due to its version upgrade, policy adjustment, etc. Please refer to its public official instructions. Some third-party SDKs will continue to collect relevant data when the App is running silently or in the background due to the need for functional integrity. For detailed information, please refer to the description of third-party SDKs in the privacy policy. Tencent Bugly SDK, Tinker SDK Function: Detect and count data on APP errors and fix problems Permissions: Read and write external storage, read device identification information, view network connections, view WLAN connections Data collected: Device identification information (Android ID, OAID, MAC address, IP address, IMEI, IDFA, IDFV), network status information, process information Data collection method: In order to quickly locate and fix App problems and improve the App user experience, the SDK will collect the above-mentioned related data when running in the foreground, silent state, or background statePrivacy Policy link: https://static.bugly.qq.com/bugly-sdk-privacy-statement.pdf Sensors SDK Function: Statistics and data analysis Permissions: Read device identification information, read MAC address, view network connections, view WLAN connections Data types collected: Device identification data (Android ID, OAID, MAC address, IP address, IMEI, IDFA, IDFV), network status information Privacy Policy link: https://www.sensorsdata.cn/market/privacy_policy.html Jiguang Certification SDK Function: Used to implement APP one-click login, number authentication and other functions Permissions: Read and write external storage, read device identification information, view network connections, view WLAN connections, installed software list Data types collected: Device identification data, location information, network information, SDK authentication related request results, mobile phone number. Device information includes: device identifiers (IMEI, IDFA, AndroidID, MAC, OAID and other related information), application information (application crash information, notification switch status, software list and other related information), device parameters and system information (device type, device model, operating system and hardware related information). Network information includes: IP address, WiFi information, base station information and other related information. Data collection method: In order to prepare the one-click login interface in advance and perform pre-number operations to increase the speed at which the App displays the one-click login page, the SDK will collect the above-mentioned related data when running in the foreground, in silent state, or in the background. Privacy Policy link: https://www.jiguang.cn/license/privacy Jiguang Push SDK Function: Used to implement message push (or other push) function Permissions: read and write external storage, read device identification information (IMEI, Android ID, OAID, MAC address, IP address), view network connections, view WLAN connections, installed software list Data types collected: device information, geographic location, network information. Device information includes: device identifiers (IMEI, IDFA, AndroidID, MAC, OAID and other related information), application information (application crash information, notification switch status, software list and other related information), device parameters and system information (device type, device model, operating system and hardware related information). Network information includes: IP address, WiFi information, base station information and other related information Background data collection: In order to identify the current device and implement Weibo login, sharing and other functions, it is necessary to read the device identifier (IMEI, IDFA, Android ID, MAC, OAID, etc.) in the background Data collection method: In order to provide complete and real-time push functions, the SDK will continue to run after the App is opened, so the SDK will collect the above-mentioned related data when running in the foreground, in silent state, or in the background Privacy policy link: https://www.jiguang.cn/license/privacy Tencent Cloud Live SDK Function: Provide live broadcast related functions Permissions: Read and write external storage, read device identification information, view network connections, view WLAN connections Collected data type: device identification information (Android ID, OAID, MAC address, IP address, IMEI, IDFA, IDFV), network status information Privacy policy link: https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/301/11470 QQConnect SDK Function: Provide users with QQ third-party login function, help users share information to QQ Permissions: read and write external storage, read device identification information, view network connections, view WLAN connections Data type collected: device identification information (Android ID, OAID, MAC address, IP address, IMEI, IDFA, IDFV), network status information Privacy policy link: https://wiki.connect.qq.com/QQ%E4%BA%92%E8%81%94SDK%E9%9A%90%E7%A7%81%E4%BF%9D%E6%8A%A4%E5%A3%B0%E6%98%8E WeChat Open Platform SDK Function: Provide users with WeChat third-party login function, help users share information to WeChat, and provide WeChat payment function Permissions: read and write external storage, read device identification information, view network connections, view WLAN connections Data type collected: device identification information (Android ID, OAID, MAC address, IP address, Address, IMEI, IDFA, IDFV), network status information Privacy policy link: https://weixin.qq.com/cgi-bin/readtemplate?lang=zh_CN&t=weixin_agreement&s=privacyWeibo Open Platform SDK Function: Provide users with Weibo third-party login function, and help users share information to Weibo Permissions: read and write external storage, read device identification information, view network connections, view WLAN connections Data types collected: device identification information, network status information Background data collection: In order to identify the current device and implement Weibo login, sharing and other functions, it is necessary to read the device identifier (Android ID, OAID, MAC address, IP address, IMEI, IDFA, IDFV) in the background Privacy Policy link: https://m.weibo.cn/c/privacy?from=h5 Alipay SDK Function: Provide users with Alipay payment function Permissions: read and write external storage, read device identification information, view network connections, view WLAN connections Data types collected: device identification information (Android ID, OAID, MAC address, IP address, IMEI, IDFA, IDFV), network status information Privacy Policy link: https://opendocs.alipay.com/open/54 Huawei Push SDK Function: Used to implement message push or other push-related functions on Huawei phones Permissions: read and write external storage, read device identification information, view network connections, view WLAN connections, list of installed softwareData types collected: device identification information (Android ID, OAID, MAC address, IP address, IMEI, IDFA, IDFV), network status, installed software list Privacy policy link: https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/cn/doc/development/HMSCore-Guides-V5/privacy-statement-0000001050042021-V5 Tencent X5 Browser SDK Function: Provide H5 page rendering capabilities Permissions: Read device identification information, read and write external storage Data types collected: device identification information (Android ID, OAID, MAC address, IP address, IMEI, IDFA, IDFV), network status information Privacy policy link: https://x5.tencent.com/docs/privacy.html Tencent Cloud IM SDK Function: Provide instant messaging capabilities Permissions: Read device identification information, read and write external storage, view network connections, view WLAN connections Data types collected: device identification information (Android ID, OAID, MAC address, IP address, IMEI, IDFA, IDFV), network status information Privacy policy link: https://x5.tencent.com/docs/privacy.html Address, IMEI, IDFA, IDFV), network status informationPrivacy Policy link: https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/301/11470 Chuanglan Flash Verification SDK Function: Used to implement one-click login with mobile phone number, number authentication and other functions of APP Permissions: Read device identification information (IMEI, Android ID, OAID, MAC address, IP address, IDFA, IDFV), read MAC address, view network connection, view WLAN connection Data type collected: In order to implement gateway number acquisition technology, Flash Verification SDK needs to obtain IP address, network card (MAC) address, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), OAID (replace IMEI), SIM card information, and will collect data such as mobile phone model, system type, system version, network environment, gateway number acquisition error log to provide statistical analysis service capabilities, and can provide anti-fraud and other functions Data collection method: In order to prepare the one-click login interface in advance and perform pre-number acquisition operations to increase the speed at which the App displays the one-click login page, the SDK will collect the above-mentioned related data when running in the foreground, in silent state, or in the background.Privacy Policy link: https://shanyan.253.com/document/details?lid=639&cid=91&pc=28&pn=%25E9%2597%25AA%25E9%25AA%258CSDK Sentry SDK Function: Used to collect App error information and performance data, perform relevant optimization, and improve user experience Data collected: View network connection, network status information, device identification information (Android ID, OAID, MAC address, IP address, IMEI, IDFA, IDFV) Data collection method: To ensure the integrity of the data, the SDK will collect the above-mentioned related data when running in the foreground, silent state, or background state. Privacy Policy Link: https://sentry.io/privacy/ China Telecom SDK Function: Used to implement one-click login to APP mobile phone number, number authentication and other functions Permissions: Read device identification information (IMEI, Android ID, OAID, MAC address, IP address, IDFA, IDFV), read MAC address, view network connection, view WLAN connection Data collected: IP address, network card (MAC) address, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), OAID (instead of IMEI)Privacy Policy Link: https://e.dlife.cn/_agreements.html Mi Push SDK Function: Used to implement message push or other push-related functions on Xiaomi phones Permissions: Access network status, obtain device information, write to device storage Data types collected: Device identification (OAID, encrypted Android ID), push message content, device information (device manufacturer, model, location, operator name, etc.), notification bar settings Data collection method: To ensure data integrity, the SDK will collect the above-mentioned related data when it is running in the foreground, in silent state, or in the background. Privacy Policy Link: https://dev.mi.com/console/doc/detail?pId=1822 OPPO Push SDK Function: Used to implement message push or other push-related functions on OPPO phones Permissions: Read MAC address, view network connection, view WLAN connection Data types collected: Device information, application information, network information Data collection method: To ensure data integrity, the SDK will collect the above-mentioned related data when it is running in the foreground, in silent state, or in the background. Privacy Policy link: https://open.oppomobile.comew/developmentDoc/info?id=10288Xiaohongshu SDK Third-party SDK provider: Xingyin Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Information collected: device model, operating system, IDFA, Android ID, pictures and other content that users actively choose to share, iOS clipboard information, iOS album information Purpose of use: to realize the function of sharing content to Xiaohongshu Privacy policy link: https://agree.xiaohongshu.com/h5/terms/ZXXY20230525001/-1 Tencent Cloud Zhiling Oral Assessment SDK Third-party SDK provider: Tencent Cloud Computing (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Information collected: system properties, device model, operating system, IP address, recording Purpose of use: to conduct oral assessment Privacy policy link: https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/884/71808 3.3 Self-startup and associated startup instructions 3.3.1 In order to monitor the status of the user's desktop widget component so that we can judge the status of the user's desktop widget component and ensure that the desktop widget data is displayed correctly, we use AppWidget. This may cause the App to be automatically started in the system interface/log/background record (depending on your terminal model), but this is a necessary step to ensure that our products can provide services. 3.3.2When you add a widget, in order to ensure that the widget can update data normally when the App is in the background and closed, it is necessary to send and receive system broadcasts at a certain frequency to update the content of the desktop widget, so the application will start automatically, which is necessary to realize related functions and services. If you do not need to use the desktop widget function, you can remove the widget. 3.3.3 The widget will start to update automatically only after you agree to the privacy policy. If you add the widget without agreeing to the privacy policy, it will not be updated normally. Chapter 4 How to use cookies and similar technologies 4.1 In order to better provide you with products or services, Scallop uses several automatic data collection tools, currently including Flash Cookies and embedded web links. With these technologies, Scallop can track your learning progress in real time and understand your preference information, so as to provide you with a better and more personalized user experience. Scallop will not use the above technologies for any purpose other than the purposes described in this policy. Please understand that some of Scallop's services can only be achieved by using the above technologies. If your device or related programs allow, you can turn off or delete the above technologies by changing the settings or visiting the provider's web page or other appropriate methods. However, this action may affect your use of Scallop products or services. Chapter 5 How to share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information Sharing 5.1Scallop will strictly abide by relevant laws and regulations and keep your personal information confidential. We will not share your personal information with others except in the following circumstances: 5.1.1 Obtain your explicit consent or authorization in advance; 5.1.2 Provide your information at the legal request of your guardian; 5.1.3 Provide in accordance with the relevant agreements signed with you (including electronic agreements signed online and the corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents; 5.1.4 Sharing with third parties as described in this Privacy Policy: Scallop may share your personal information with affiliates of the management company based on your corresponding authorization. However, Scallop will only share necessary personal information and is subject to the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. If Scallop's affiliates want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will obtain your express consent in a timely manner. 5.2 For companies, organizations and individuals with whom Scallop shares personal information, we will make reasonable efforts to require them to comply with relevant laws and regulations when processing your personal information, and try our best to require them to take relevant confidentiality and security measures to protect the security of your personal information. Transfer 5.3 Scallop will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances: 5.3.1 with your explicit consent or authorization in advance; 5.3.2 in accordance with the relevant agreement signed with you (including the online electronic agreement and the corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents; 5.3.3In the event of major changes such as acquisitions, mergers, bankruptcy liquidation, and reorganization, if personal information is transferred, Scallop will require the new company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to perform its responsibilities and obligations under this Privacy Policy. If the changed entity needs to change the purpose of using personal information, we will require it to obtain your explicit consent in advance. Public Disclosure 5.4 Scallop will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and on the premise of taking security protection measures that meet industry standards: 5.4.1 According to your needs, disclose the personal information you specify in the disclosure method you explicitly agree to; 5.4.2 According to the requirements of laws and regulations, and the mandatory requirements of administrative or judicial authorities, we may disclose your personal information publicly. When Scallop receives the above disclosure request, Scallop will require the requesting party to produce relevant legal documents, such as subpoenas or letters of assistance in investigations, in accordance with the law. Scallop will carefully review each disclosure request to ensure that such disclosure request complies with relevant legal provisions. Subject to the permission of laws and regulations, Scallop will take encryption protection and other measures for files containing disclosed information. 5.5 You must be fully aware that, in the following circumstances, Scallop does not need your authorization or consent to share, transfer, or publicly disclose your personal information: 5.5.1 Related to Scallop's performance of its obligations under laws and regulations; 5.5.2 Directly related to national security and national defense security; 5.5.3 Directly related to public security, public health, or major public interests; 5.5.4Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments; 5.5.5 For the purpose of safeguarding the major legitimate rights and interests of the subject of personal information or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person concerned; 5.5.6 The subject of personal information discloses it to the public on his own initiative; 5.5.7 Your personal information is collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels. Chapter 6 How to Protect Your Personal Information 6.1 Scallop attaches great importance to the security of personal information and will take all reasonable and feasible measures to continuously protect your personal information to prevent others from accessing, tampering with or disclosing your personal information collected by Scallop without authorization: 6.1.1 Scallop has adopted security protection measures that meet industry standards to protect your personal information and prevent data from being accessed, disclosed, used, modified, damaged or lost without authorization. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, SSL encryption protection is used when exchanging data between your mobile device and Scallop products or services; we will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked. 6.1.2 Scallop only allows those who need to know to access relevant personal information, and has set up strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose.Scallop also requires all personnel who may have access to your personal information to fulfill the corresponding confidentiality obligations. If you fail to fulfill these obligations, you may be held legally liable or have your corresponding legal relationship with Scallop terminated. 6.2 Scallop will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that no irrelevant information is collected. 6.3 Please understand that due to technical limitations and various possible malicious means, in the Internet industry, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% absolute security of information. You need to understand and know that the system and communication network you use to access Scallop's products or services may have problems due to other factors beyond our control. In this case, we will try our best to assist in solving them in accordance with the law. 6.4 If an information security incident unfortunately occurs, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, and your suggestions for self-prevention and risk reduction. We will also promptly inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident by appropriate means such as email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc.; when it is difficult to inform the information subject one by one, we will issue an announcement in a reasonable and effective manner. At the same time, we will also proactively report the handling of information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities. Chapter VII How to store your personal information Storage period 7.1 During the period when the user uses Scallop products or services, Scallop will continue to store the user's personal information. 7.2Scallop promises to store your personal information within a reasonable and necessary period in accordance with the law. For log information, record backup and other information, it will be stored for 60 days after you cancel your account (but if there is a minimum storage period required by law, we will store it for the minimum period required by law); transaction information is three years from the date of completion of the transaction or 180 days after you cancel your account (whichever is longer). After the above period, we will delete or anonymize your relevant information. Storage area 7.3 All your personal information will be stored in the territory of the People's Republic of China. 7.4 At present, we do not provide personal information to overseas. Chapter 8 Managing, viewing or deleting your personal information Scallop respects your rights to your personal information. We guarantee your rights to access, correct, delete, manage and other personal information. Access and correct your personal information 8.1 Except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations, you have the right to exercise the right to access data. When you find that we have made errors in processing your personal information or you have other modification or supplementary needs, you also have the right to request us or make corrections yourself. The ways in which you can exercise your right to access and correct data include but are not limited to: 8.1.1 If you wish to access or modify your account information in Scallop products or services, you can do so by visiting our products or services (you can do so by clicking "Me", entering your personal homepage, and then clicking the "Edit" function). 8.1.2If Scallop's products or services provide functions such as posting topics, participating in discussions, leaving messages, etc., and you have the opportunity to disclose or provide personal information through these services, Scallop will provide corresponding functions while providing the aforementioned services to ensure that you can revisit or delete the personal information you disclosed or provided during the aforementioned services. 8.2 You have the right to know the identity or type of the third party that obtained your personal information through Scallop. You can learn about the identity or type of the third party through Chapter 1 and Chapter 4 of this Policy. Deleting your personal information and withdrawing the consented authorization 8.3 In the following circumstances, you can request Scallop to delete your personal information: 8.3.1 If Scallop's processing of personal information violates relevant laws and regulations; 8.3.2 If Scallop collects and uses your personal information without obtaining your consent; 8.3.3 If Scallop's processing of personal information violates the agreement with you or the provisions of the law; 8.3.4 If you no longer use Scallop's products or services, or you cancel the relevant account; 8.3.5 If Scallop no longer provides products or services for you. 8.4 You have the right to withdraw your previous authorization to Scallop to collect and use your personal information. Once you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process your relevant personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the personal information processing activities previously carried out based on your authorization. 8.5You can withdraw your previous consent to us regarding specific personal information by deleting the relevant personal information. Cancel Account 8.6 You have the right to cancel your account registered in Scallop products or services at any time. You can cancel your account in "My-Settings-Account Settings-Cancel Account". 8.7 Please note that canceling an account for Scallop-related products or services is an irreversible operation. After canceling your account, we will stop providing you with products or services and will delete your personal information under the account, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations. Restricting Automatic Decisions of Information Systems 8.8 If Scallop makes decisions based solely on non-manual automatic decision-making mechanisms including information systems, algorithms, etc., and these decisions significantly affect your legal rights and interests, you have the right to ask Scallop for an explanation, and Scallop will provide appropriate relief. Obtain a copy of personal information 8.9 Upon your request, Scallop can provide you with a copy of your personal information held by Scallop (such as basic personal information). You can make a request to us through customer service or the contact information specified in Chapter 11 of this Privacy Policy. 8.10 If you have any questions about the above-listed methods of accessing, correcting, deleting your personal information, withdrawing consent, canceling your account, and restricting the automatic decision-making methods of the information system, you can contact us through customer service or the contact information specified in Chapter 11 of this Privacy Policy.In principle, Scallop does not charge any fees for your reasonable requests, but for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits, Scallop will charge a certain cost depending on the circumstances. Scallop may reject requests that are repeated without reason, require too many technical means, pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very unrealistic. 8.12 We may not be able to respond to your request in the following circumstances: 8.12.1 Directly related to national security and national defense security; 8.12.2 Directly related to public security, public health, and major public interests; 8.12.3 Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; 8.12.4 There is evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights; 8.12.5 Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of other individuals and organizations; 8.12.6 Involving trade secrets. Complaint mechanism 8.13 Scallop has established a complaint management mechanism, including tracking procedures. In order to protect the security of your account and property, Scallop may verify relevant information with you. Scallop will respond to your request as soon as possible after receiving your feedback, but within 30 days at the latest. If you are not satisfied with the response, you can contact Scallop again to file a complaint. Chapter 9 Protection of Minors' Information 9.1Scallop attaches great importance to the protection of minors' information. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should carefully read this Privacy Policy and the Children's Privacy Policy and use Scallop's products or services under the supervision, guidance and consent of your guardian. 9.2 If you/your guardian disagree with any content of this Privacy Policy and the Children's Privacy Policy, you should immediately stop using our products or services. 9.3 If you are the guardian of a minor, please contact us in a timely manner if you have any questions about the minor's use of our products or services or the user information they provide to us. We will protect the confidentiality and security of minors' user information in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations and the provisions of this policy. If we find that we have collected personal information of minors without obtaining verifiable guardian consent in advance, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible. Chapter 10 How to Update This Policy 10.1 If the following changes occur in Scallop’s products or services, Scallop will promptly revise this Privacy Policy accordingly: 10.1.1 The business functions involved in Scallop’s products or services change, resulting in changes in the purpose, type, and use of personal information; 10.1.2 Your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and the way you exercise them change significantly; 10.1.3 The contact information of the department in Scallop responsible for handling the security of your personal information changes; 10.1.4Other changes that may affect the security of user personal information or affect user privacy rights, etc. 10.2 After the revision of the "Privacy Policy", Scallop will publish the latest version on the relevant interface of Scallop products or services and inform users in reasonable ways such as pop-ups and push notifications so that users can promptly understand the latest version of the "Privacy Policy". 10.3 Without your explicit consent, Scallop will not reduce your rights based on this "Privacy Policy". 10.4 Unless otherwise specified, the revised "Privacy Policy" will take effect from the date of publication. Chapter 11 Complaints and Suggestions 11.1 During the use of Scallop products or services, if you have any doubts or suggestions about this "Privacy Policy", or you believe that your personal information is not protected as provided for in this "Privacy Policy", you can contact us in the following ways, and we will handle your complaints and suggestions in good faith within fifteen working days. 1. You can contact us through the online contact information/customer service system provided in the application. 2. We have also set up a special personal information protection team. You can contact us through the following methods: Company name: Nanjing Beiwan Information Technology Co., Ltd. Personal information leakage complaint report mailbox: support@shanbay.com Report mailbox involving minors' harmful information: jubao@shanbay.com Contact number: 025-84404917 3.You can also send a letter to the following address: Building 29, Jiangsu Software Park, No. 699-22 Xuanwu Avenue, Xuanwu District, Nanjing City, Jiangsu Province, Privacy Protection Team of Nanjing Beiwan Information Technology Co., Ltd. (received), Postal Code: 210042 Chapter 12 Others 12.1 For any disputes arising from this policy and our handling of your personal information, you may bring a lawsuit to the people’s court with jurisdiction. 12.2 If you believe that our handling of personal information has infringed your legal rights and interests, you may also report it to the relevant government department. 12.3 This Privacy Policy shall be deemed to be effective when Scallop publishes this Privacy Policy or provides you with products or services. This Privacy Policy shall become invalid when Scallop ceases operations or permanently stops providing products or services. Nanjing Beiwan Information Technology Co., Ltd. Update time: June 28, 2024