Data Security and Personal Information Protection Policy Version Update Tips This version was updated on November 14, 2021 This version takes effect on November 15, 2021 In order to better show and explain our privacy rules and your user rights to you, and to provide you with more complete personal information protection measures, we have updated our original "Data Security and Personal Information Protection Policy" at the aforementioned time. The content of this update mainly includes: improving the instructions for obtaining personal information in accordance with the latest legal requirements. Please read and fully understand the full text before using/continuing to use our products and/or services, and use/continue to use after agreeing to all the contents. Before the "Data Security and Personal Information Protection Policy" of this product takes effect, we will prompt you in a prominent position on the homepage of the product and/or service, send you a push message, or notify you in other ways, so that you can review the updated privacy policy in time before choosing to continue to use our products and/or services. Introduction Banyun System (full name "Beijing Banyun Aggregation Technology Co., Ltd.", hereinafter referred to as "Banyun or We") was established in 2018 and is a business intelligence analysis solution provider. It aims to build a consumer-centric business intelligence decision-making closed loop covering data analysis, insight and application for enterprises based on big data and artificial intelligence technology through real and objective digital measurement, helping enterprises to make business decisions in real time, comprehensively and accurately and realize business value.We value your cooperation. At the same time, we are well aware of the high importance of data security and personal information protection. In the process of providing products and/or services, we always respect and pay attention to protecting the data security involved and the legitimate rights and interests of the subject of personal information. Through this policy, we hope to explain to you how we process data in accordance with the requirements of laws, regulations, national standards and other normative documents when you use our services, including but not limited to data processing behaviors such as collection, storage, and use, as well as the paths we provide for you and your end users to exercise their rights, such as the way to access, update, and use your and your user data. This policy is closely related to our products and services used by you. We hope that you can read it carefully and make the choices you think appropriate according to the instructions of this policy when necessary. We try to explain the relevant technical terms involved in this policy to you in a plain, concise and concise manner, and provide links to the progress instructions for your understanding. In order to enable you to fully understand this policy, we have used bold fonts to remind you of the terms in this policy that have or may have a significant relationship with your rights. This Data Security and Personal Information Protection Policy will help you understand the following: 1. Scope of application of this Data Security and Personal Information Protection Policy and the meaning of related terms 2. How we collect and use your personal information 3. How we use cookies and similar technologies 4. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information 5. Your control over your personal informationVI. How we store and protect your personal information VII. Protection of minors 8. Updates to this "Data Security and Personal Information Protection Policy" IX. How to contact us X. Others 1. Scope of application of this policy and the meaning of related terms (I) This policy applies to all our products and services This policy applies to all our products and services, including but not limited to the websites, SDKs, APIs, plug-ins, components, codes, tools and continuously innovative products and services we provide, all of which are subject to this privacy policy. Before using our products or services, please be sure to read and thoroughly understand this policy, and use the relevant products or services after fully understanding and agreeing to this policy. If our products or services already have independent product service terms, such terms constitute part of this policy, and this policy still applies to such products or services; if there is any inconsistency between this policy and the product service terms or if there are more specific agreements, the latter shall prevail when using such products and services; when there are different interpretations, we will interpret them in the way that is closest to the meaning expressed by the relevant terms.It should be noted that if a third-party website such as a media platform displays links or embeds its platform into our products or services as a data controller and provides you with products and services, you must also comply with the provisions of the third-party privacy policy. We cannot understand or control the purpose, method and scope of data collection and use. Please visit or use its services with caution before you have reviewed and accepted its terms of service and privacy policy and other legal statements. (II) Meaning of relevant terms 1. You, in this policy, mainly refers to our customers, that is, the companies that entrust us to provide technical services, including advertisers, media, advertising agencies, etc. 2. End users refer to natural persons who browse, log in, click, input information, etc. on network platforms such as media or other platforms that rely on network operator services, or organizations represented by natural persons to perform the above operations, such as advertising audiences, platform registered users, etc. 3. Data refers to the data involved in our services for you. In this policy, it may refer to the data you actively provide, the data we generate in the process of serving you, the data provided to us by third parties with legal authorization from you and your end users, and the data legally obtained from public channels, depending on the context. All these data will be used to optimize our products and provide you with better services. 4.Personal information refers to various information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. (From GB/T35273-2020 "Information Security Technology Personal Information Security Specification"), such as basic personal information (including personal name, birthday, gender, address, personal telephone number, mobile phone number, email address), personal identity information (including ID card information), network identity information (including account name, account nickname, IP address and passwords, passwords, password protection answers related to the above), personal property information (including virtual property information such as transaction and consumption records), address book information, personal Internet records (including website browsing records, software usage records, click records), personal commonly used device information (including hardware model, device MAC address, operating system type, software list, unique device identification code (such as IMEI/androidID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM card IMSI information, etc., including information describing the basic situation of personal commonly used devices), personal location information (including precise positioning information). 5.Personal sensitive information: refers to personal information that, once leaked, illegally provided or abused, may endanger personal and property safety, easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. (From GB/T35273-2020 "Information Security Technology Personal Information Security Specification") Compared with other personal information, personal sensitive information may have a greater impact on your personal rights and interests. We kindly remind you to carefully consider before providing us with your personal sensitive information. Generally, personal information of children under the age of 14 (inclusive) and information involving the privacy of natural persons are personal sensitive information. In this policy, we will prominently mark your personal sensitive information in bold and underlined form, including your property information (including bank card number, transaction and consumption records and other property information), credit information, biometric information, personal identification information (including ID card information), network identification information (including system account, email address and passwords, passwords, password protection answers related to the above), whereabouts, health and physiological information, and other information (including address book information, personal phone number, mobile phone number, precise positioning information, delivery address, web browsing history). 6. Anonymization: refers to the process of technically processing personal information so that the subject of personal information cannot be identified or associated, and the processed information cannot be restored. (From GB/T35273-2020 "Information Security Technology Personal Information Security Specification") 7.De-identification: refers to the process of technically processing personal information so that it cannot be identified or associated with the subject of personal information without the help of additional information. (From GB/T35273-2020 "Information Security Technology Personal Information Security Specification") 8. Non-personal information refers to any information related to an individual but can actually directly or indirectly identify or associate an individual's identity, such as indirect user portraits and label data obtained using big data technology. 9. Indirect user portraits refer to the use of personal information other than a specific natural person, such as data from the group to which the natural person belongs, to form a characteristic model of the natural person. 10. Data sharing refers to the process in which a data controller provides data to other controllers, and both parties have independent control over the data. 11. Cookies refer to text files containing strings generated by the server and sent to the user's browser when the end user visits a website or views other network content. The end user can set whether to save these text files through the browser. 12. Children: refers to minors under the age of fourteen. (From the "Provisions on the Protection of Children's Personal Information on the Internet") 13. Minors: Natural persons under the age of eighteen are minors. Minors over the age of 16 who rely on their own labor income as their main source of livelihood shall be deemed to have full civil capacity. (From the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China) 14.The territory of the People's Republic of China: refers to the mainland of the People's Republic of China, excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macao Special Administrative Region and Taiwan. 2. How we collect and use your personal information Based on our own technological advantages, we use numerical data processed by statistics, calculations, etc. or de-identified data to provide advertising monitoring, social insight and analysis, advertising delivery optimization and other marketing data technology services to advertisers, media, advertising agencies, etc. in different industries including you, including you. In order to ensure that our services comply with laws and regulations, national standards, industry standards and the service agreement reached with you, we will comply with and urge you to comply with the relevant provisions on data security and personal information protection in the aforementioned laws and regulations and other normative documents. At the same time, in order to facilitate your understanding of our data security and personal information protection policies, in this section, we have detailed the protection measures taken for data processing. (I) Data collection When we provide services, we will obtain, store and use the information you provide and related to the entrusted business so that the product can operate efficiently and provide you with better service results. You know and understand that the acquisition of data is affected by many factors such as the network environment in which you or the end user is located, privacy settings, and the third-party products or services used by you or the end user. We collect information in order to provide you with the services you have selected in a better, more optimal and more accurate manner. We collect data in the following ways: 1. Sources of data (1) Data you provide to usWhen you use our services, you provide us with necessary service-related information. For example, when you conduct corporate authentication, you need to submit your business license, your corporate contact person's phone number, email and other relevant data for purposes such as creating and managing system accounts and settling service fees. You may provide us with data when you entrust us to provide data technology services. Based on the provisions of relevant data security laws and regulations, please ensure that the data provided is legal and compliant. If, based on business needs, you entrust us to conduct data analysis and technical processing on the data you actively provide, especially personal information and personal sensitive information, you should ensure that you have obtained the written authorization of the relevant users and provide us with user authorization certificates to clarify the use rights and scope, and you should perform desensitization and encryption processing before providing it to us for processing to ensure that specific individuals cannot be identified after processing and cannot be restored. Based on the requirements of new laws and regulations or the need to optimize product services, we may require you to supplement or actively update the data and authorization you provide. If you do not provide or continue to authorize us to use this data, it may affect your continued use of our services or enjoyment of optimized service effects. (2) Data collected during your use of our servicesWe will collect different data based on the different services you choose. When you choose to use our services, you have fully understood the nature of our business and the principles of our services. When you use our data technology services such as our advertising monitoring system, we will collect, store and process service-related data from you and end users for legal, legitimate, necessary and clear purposes. Please understand that these data are the basic data that we must collect to provide services and ensure the normal operation of our products. When our affiliates provide you with product services, they may obtain data related to the services you have entrusted with your authorization and consent in advance. In order to optimize your services, we will also consider using such data for the services you have entrusted. Please note that we will not actively obtain personal information of end users at present. However, for the specific services you choose, we need your early cooperation to support the acquisition of end users' network behavior data and personal information (mainly device information) before we can start and continue to provide services. Take the advertising monitoring service as an example: we will provide you with relevant operation documents so that you and the platforms you have entrusted can correctly integrate our statistical analysis tools when placing advertisements.(2.1) We can only collect the network behavior data of end users on the platform for the services provided to you after you determine the monitoring code standards and integrate statistical analysis tools such as advertising monitoring codes, SDKs or APIs on your own or entrusted website platform (such as PC/APP/TV platforms, hereinafter collectively referred to as "platforms"), and then we can collect the network behavior data of end users on the platform for the services provided to you. (2.2) You should obtain platform authorization for us to perform services, that is, you should agree in the cooperation agreement with the platform, such as the media, that the platform authorizes us to integrate and publicly disclose general statistical analysis tools such as monitoring codes, SDKs or APIs to the platform users. (2.3) You should ensure that we can legally collect and use the relevant personal information of your end users in accordance with the regulatory requirements such as applicable laws, regulations and national standards and the provisions of this policy, and authorize us to de-identify and anonymize the data of end users collected on the platform for use in marketing data technology services such as advertising monitoring services, data analysis and advertising delivery optimization. (2.4) You must ensure that you and the platform you authorize have complied with and will continue to comply with applicable laws, regulations, national standards and other regulatory requirements, including but not limited to formulating and publishing relevant personal information protection policies. You must also provide end users with an easy-to-use selection mechanism and inform end users how to exercise their right to choose.(2.5) In order to facilitate your end users to understand our data security and personal information protection policies, or applicable laws, regulations, national standards and other regulatory requirements, you should embed this policy link in your and the entrusted platform's personal information policies and other legal statements. (3) Third-party data sources When we conduct business cooperation with third parties, we may obtain legally authorized data related to you provided to us by third parties. In order to optimize the service for you, we will also consider using such data in this service for you. (4) Exceptions to Authorization for Data Collection and Use According to relevant laws and regulations, we do not need to obtain authorization and consent to collect your or end users' data in the following circumstances: (4.1) Related to the performance of the obligations prescribed by laws and regulations by the personal information controller; (4.2) Directly related to national security and national defense security; (4.3) Directly related to public safety, public health, and the general public interest; (4.4) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; (4.5) For the purpose of safeguarding the major legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the authorization and consent of the person concerned; (4.6) The personal information involved is disclosed to the public by the personal information subject on his own initiative; (4.7) Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract at the request of the personal information subject; Note: The main function of the personal information protection policy is to disclose the scope and rules for the collection and use of personal information by the personal information controller, and it should not be regarded as a contract.(4.8) Personal information is collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels; (4.9) It is necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as discovering and handling product or service failures; (4.10) The controller of personal information is a news organization, and it is necessary for it to carry out legal news reporting; (4.11) The controller of personal information is an academic research institution, and it is necessary to carry out statistical or academic research for the public interest, and when it provides the results of academic research or descriptions to the outside, the personal information contained in the results is de-identified. 2. Types of data The types of data we collect are mainly log information. Log information refers to the data collected from you or end users through SDK, API, plug-ins, components, codes, tools, cookies, webbeacon or other means when you use our services, including: (1) device or software information, such as configuration information, IP address and version and device identification code used by mobile devices, web browsers, smart TVs or other programs used by you or end users to access our services, including hardware model, device ID, operating system type, software name, unique device identification code (such as IMEl/androidID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID/MAC), etc., which describes the basic situation of personal commonly used devices;(2) Information related to the location of the device. If the end user refuses to collect such information during the installation and/or use of the device, we will not collect such information. (3) Information searched and browsed by the end user when using third-party business interface services, such as web search terms used and URL addresses of social media pages visited. (4) Information about mobile applications (APPs) and other software used, and information about the use of such mobile applications and software. (5) Information contained in the content shared through our services (metadata). Please note that individual log information, etc., is information that cannot identify a specific natural person. Unless such non-personal information is combined with other information to identify a specific natural person, or is used in combination with personal information, such non-personal information will be considered personal information during the period of combined use. We will anonymize or de-identify such personal information (unless you have obtained the authorization of the end user or otherwise required by laws and regulations). (II) Use of data We collect this data to provide you with better services. To achieve this goal, we will use your information for the following purposes: 1. Provide you with a full range of marketing data technology services such as advertising monitoring services, data analysis services, and advertising delivery optimization services, and maintain and improve these services.2. We may conduct research, statistical analysis and prediction on the legally collected data in a de-identified manner. The output analysis report will be presented in the form of aggregated non-identifiable personal information, including both those published by Panyun and those customized according to your needs. 3. In special cases, we will also make evaluation results of a certain product or category based on Panyun's algorithm model. The evaluation results may be derived from the data obtained from the service you commissioned and thus show a certain consistency with the service you commissioned, but these evaluation results are calculated by us based on the algorithm model for evaluation purposes and are aggregated and anonymous. We will not actively provide the data obtained from your commissioned service to the outside. 4. We may conduct research, statistical analysis and prediction on the collected information in a de-identified manner to improve existing services, develop new services, optimize the company's product technology and layout as a whole, and provide product or service support for business decisions (such as using anonymous data for machine learning or model algorithm training). 5. When we provide services, it is used for identity authentication, customer service, security prevention, fraud monitoring, archiving and backup purposes to ensure the security of the products and services we provide to you, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis and disposal measures in accordance with the law. 6. Publish service-related announcements or allow you to participate in surveys related to our services so that we can better understand and respond to your personalized needs.7. When you use our services, we may use your information to send emails, news or push notifications to your device. If you do not want to receive this information, you can choose to unsubscribe on your device according to the instructions in the email we sent you. 8. Other purposes that are ultimately used to optimize advertising and improve data marketing effectiveness. Please note that we will process the crowd data based on the data legally collected by Fanyun Data Services in accordance with secondary technologies such as de-identification, anonymization and pseudonymization in the industry to form indirect user crowd portraits, establish a middle-end database, or provide you with further label data services according to your needs to help you optimize advertising and improve marketing effectiveness. The indirect user crowd portrait library is obtained through the aggregation, anonymization and intelligent calculation of massive data, and does not contain any personally identifiable data of the audience. We ensure that the privacy of your end users will not be leaked or violated. 3. How we use cookies and similar technologies Cookies and similar technologies are common technologies on the Internet. When you or end users use our related services, we may use related technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device to collect and store information when you visit and use our website or system. We use cookies and similar technologies mainly to ensure the safe and efficient operation of products and services, and to improve product services and user experience.If your or the terminal's browser or browser add-on service allows, you or the terminal user can modify the degree of acceptance of cookies or reject our cookies. Most browsers provide terminal users with the function of clearing browser cache data. You or the terminal user can perform the corresponding data clearing operation in the browser settings function. However, please note that if you disable cookies, you or the terminal user may not enjoy a relatively better service experience. IV. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information (I) Data sharing We share data in the following situations: 1. Sharing under legal circumstances: We may share data externally in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, the needs of litigation dispute resolution, or the requirements of administrative and judicial authorities in accordance with the law. 2. Sharing with affiliated companies: In order to better provide you with products and services, we will share data with our group companies or affiliated companies. We and our group companies or affiliated companies will protect the data information related to your services in accordance with laws and regulations and standards not lower than those required by this policy. 3. Sharing with partners: We may share with suppliers, service providers and other partners of our business, and these supports include providing technical infrastructure services, providing customer service support or conducting industry research. We will agree with them on strict data protection measures to ensure that they process data in a manner no less stringent than this Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.The following list details the names of the third-party API service providers we work with, the types of personal information received, and the purpose of use. Product Name Scenario Description Type of Personal Information Personal Information Field Third-Party Company Name Privacy Connection U-Share Advertising Personal Frequently Used Device Information 1. [Device Information]: system version name, system version number, device model, resolution, screen DPI device manufacturer, network type, system language, time zone, timestamp, User Agent information, screen orientation; 2. [Application Information] Current application package name, application version name, application version information; 3. [Device identification information] Device id (android_id), IMEI (collected only with user authorization), OAID, Mac address, IDFA; 4. Geographic location information, advertising delivery data. Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. https://imgcache.qq.com/gdt/cdn/adn/uniondoc/ylh_sdk_privacy_statement.html Baidu Alliance Advertising Personal commonly used device information 1. [Device information]: device brand, device type, hardware model, operating system version number, network access method and type, screen parameters;2. [Device identification information] Device ID, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), International Mobile Subscriber Identity (IMSI), Network Device Hardware Address (MAC), Anonymous Device Identifier (OAID), IDFA and IDFV and other information; 3. [Application information] Software version number; 4. Geographical location information, IP address. Beijing Xiaodu Interactive Entertainment Technology Co., Ltd. http://m.v.xiaodutv.com/about/privacy Pangolin Advertisement Personal commonly used device information 1. [Device information]: device brand, model, software system version related information, resolution, screen DPI, device manufacturer, network type, system language, User Agent information, screen orientation; 2. [Device identification information]: OAID, device ID (android_id), IDFA, IDFV, device MAC, device IMEI, wireless network SSID name; 3. Geographical location information, IP address. Beijing ByteDance Network Technology Co., Ltd. https://www.csjplatform.com/privacy Baidu Video Advertising Personal commonly used device information 1. [Device information]: device brand, device type, hardware model, operating system version number, software version number, network access method and type, operation log, language used by the service, fault information, serial number, CPU information, screen parameters2. [Device identification information] Device ID, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), International Mobile Subscriber Identity IMSI, Network Device Hardware Address (MAC), Anonymous Device Identifier OAID, IDFA and IDFV, etc. 3. [Application information] Software list; 4. Geographic location information, IP address. Beijing Xiaodu Interactive Entertainment Technology Co., Ltd. http://m.v.baidu.com/about/privacy Popular Video Advertising Personal commonly used device information 1. [Device information]: device information, network status, operating system; 2. [Device identification information] Device number (IDFA/OAID/IMEI/ANDROIDID), UA, MAC; 3. Geographic location information, IP address. Beijing Fengxing Online Technology Co., Ltd. http://www.fun.tv/privacy/ Microfetal heart rate advertising Personal commonly used device information 1. [Device information]: system version name, system version number, device model, resolution, screen DPI, device manufacturer, network type, system language, time zone, timestamp, User Agent information, screen orientation; 2. [Device identification information]: device id (android_id), IMEI (collected only with user authorization), OAID, Mac address, IDFA; 3. [Application information]: current application package name, application version name, application version information; 4.Geographical location information, IP address. Beijing Chunwei Technology Co., Ltd. https://weblink.ihealthbaby.cn/privacyPolicy.html Beauty Camera Advertising Personal commonly used device information 1. [Device information]: device information, network status, operating system; 2. [Device identification information] device number (IDFA/OAID/IMEI/ANDROIDID), UA, MAC; 3. Geographical location information, IP address. Guangzhou Beauty Information Technology Co., Ltd. http://www.adnonstop.com.cn/beauty_camera/wap/policy.php FM radio Advertising Personal commonly used device information 1. [Device information]: device information, network status, operating system; 2. [Device identification information] device number (IDFA/OAID/IMEI/ANDROIDID), UA, MAC; 3. Geographical location information, IP address. Hangzhou Huyayue Information Technology Co., Ltd. https://qmbible.huyayue.com/html/FM Radio Station Privacy Statement.html Goose Says Advertising Personal Commonly Used Device Information 1. [Device Information]: device information, network status, operating system;2. [Device identification information] Device number (IDFA/OAID/IMEI/ANDROIDID), UA, MAC; 3. Geographic location information, IP address. Wanxiang United Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. http://goosetalk.com/home.html#/protocol[z2] Please be aware that, in accordance with applicable laws, we take technical measures and other necessary measures to de-identify or anonymize personal information so that the data recipient cannot re-identify a specific individual and cannot restore it. In this case, the sharing of such processed data does not require notification to you or the end user and the consent of you or the end user. (II) Transfer of data We will not transfer the personal information of end users to any third party unless: 1. Obtain the consent of the end user. 2. In the event of mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcy liquidation, if personal information transfer is involved, we will require the new company or organization that holds your end-user personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy, otherwise we will require the company or organization to re-ask the authorization consent of the end user. (III) Public disclosure of data We will only publicly disclose the personal information of the end user in the following circumstances: 1. Obtain the explicit consent of the end user. 2. Disclosure based on law: We may publicly disclose the personal information of end users when required by law, legal procedures, litigation or government authorities.3. In an emergency, it is reasonably judged to protect the important legitimate rights and interests of us, our customers, end users or others. V. Your control over personal information We will try our best to take appropriate technical means to ensure that you can access, update, correct and delete your personal information or other data you actively provide when using our services. When accessing, updating, correcting and deleting your personal information or other data you actively provide in the service, we may require relevant operators to authenticate their identities to protect the security of your personal privacy information. The correction of certain special information may not be possible by yourself. You can contact us through the contact information of this Agreement or the contact information provided in the product. We will assist you within 15 working days after learning of your needs. Since we do not directly connect with end users, please notify us in a timely manner after you or the platform receives notification from end users about user rights and data processing requirements. We guarantee to implement user rights in accordance with legal provisions and in accordance with your or the platform's notification requirements. If the end user asks you to stop collecting the end user's data, you can contact us through the contact information of this Agreement or the contact information provided in the product, and we will stop collecting the end user's data. However, the decision of the end user to ask us to stop collecting their data will not affect our previous data processing based on authorization. VI. How do we store and protect your personal information? (I) Data storageIn principle, the data we collect and generate during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored in China in accordance with laws and regulations and will not be transferred abroad. We will use security measures to store data, and the data storage period will be strictly in accordance with laws and regulations, with a minimum period of no less than 6 months, and will be deleted or anonymized within a reasonable period after the service purpose is met, unless the retention period needs to be extended or permitted by law. (II) Cross-border transfer of data In principle, the data we collect and generate during our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored in China in accordance with laws and regulations and will not be transferred abroad. If you are involved in data outflow, we would like to remind you: 1. You or your product terminal, server is located outside the jurisdiction of the People's Republic of China, or you, your product terminal, server or terminal user is located in the jurisdiction of the People's Republic of China, but you need to transfer data abroad, please follow national laws and regulations, national standards and the requirements of the national security department, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, Cyberspace Administration of China, public security and other competent departments to comply with laws and regulations. 2. If you plan to implement the aforementioned cross-border data transfer, we would like to advise you to consult local professionals to ensure that this transfer in or out complies with local data protection requirements. (III) Data securityCompliance management of data security and personal information protection is work we attach great importance to. We comply with the requirements of laws, regulations, national standards and other normative documents, adopt higher industry standards and implement higher-level security and encryption strategies. 1. Compliance of data technology services In accordance with the requirements of laws, regulations, national standards and other normative documents, we adopt industry-wide and reasonable standards for data collection, and use encryption technology, anonymization processing and other reasonable and feasible means that are no less than those of industry peers to protect the security and confidentiality of the data we collect. We encourage you to follow laws, regulations, national standards and industry standards. At the same time, when collecting end-user data, we will also comply with and regularly review the cooperation agreement with you or third-party partners. For example, when it is necessary to collect end-user data in a specific cooperation scenario, we should obtain the user's explicit authorization and disclose to the user that your platform integrates our data collection tools. We will do our utmost and reasonably and prudently require third-party partners to add such user authorization terms in the legal statements such as the personal information protection policy published on their platform. At the same time, we also hope to work with you to promote the acquisition of such authorization in order to ensure that our cooperation complies with national data and network security regulations. 2. Security of information systemsOur information security system has passed the national cybersecurity level protection assessment (level 3) certification, and has established a complete data security and personal information protection management system to improve the security of the entire system from multiple dimensions such as organizational construction, system design, personnel management, and product technology. We have adopted a strict data use and access control system to ensure that only authorized personnel can access data information, and conduct security audits on data and technology in a timely manner. 3. Data security and personal information protection management organization We have established a data security committee at the highest management level. The committee is led by the CEO and its members include the comprehensive technology team, the operation team, and representatives of business and product managers. The committee regularly discusses, votes on and handles data security issues encountered by various corporate product lines to ensure that all of the company's businesses are carried out under the premise of complying with data security-related laws, regulations and national standards. In addition to the Data Security Committee, Banyun System has also established a professional data security department to implement data security-related work under the authorization of the Data Security Committee based on the requirements of laws, regulations, national standards and product needs of business departments. 4. Security technologies and procedures We have adopted a variety of security technologies and procedures to prevent the loss, improper use, unauthorized viewing or disclosure of your or end users' data, including but not limited to:(1) Technical measures: We collect data in accordance with laws and regulations related to user data collection, using industry-standard and reasonable standards, and using encryption technology, anonymization processing and other reasonable and feasible means that are no less stringent than those of our peers in the industry to protect the security and confidentiality of the data we collect. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures, including but not limited to firewalls and data backup measures, to prevent your data from being accidentally lost, damaged, improperly used, accessed or disclosed without authorization. In addition, we have also adopted desensitizing technology to desensitize the identifying information of mobile terminals. (2) Institutional and organizational measures: In addition to the access permission system established in our information system, we require employees to sign a strict confidentiality agreement and strengthen internal management through a uniformly implemented data security management system. When collecting your information, we will comply with and regularly review the cooperation agreements with advertisers and/or third-party partners to ensure that the information collected and the purpose of use have been authorized accordingly. We will make every effort and use reasonable caution to require advertisers and/or third-party partners to add data authorization and protection clauses in contracts, agreements and other legal documents to ensure that our external cooperation complies with the requirements of relevant laws, regulations and national standards. 5. Response to information security incidentsWhen a personal information security incident may or has occurred, we will inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for personal self-prevention and risk reduction, remedial measures, etc. We will inform you or your end users of the relevant information of the incident by email, letter, phone, push notification, etc.; or we will publish an announcement in a reasonable and effective way. Please also inform your end users of the situation we have informed. At the same time, we will also report the disposal of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities. VII. Protection of Minors We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. We provide data technology services to enterprise-level customers such as advertisers, media or advertising agencies in different industries. We will not actively collect personal information of minors. Subject to existing technology and business models, it is difficult for us to actively identify the information of minors. If the guardian of a minor finds that the personal information of a minor is collected without authorization, the guardian can notify us to delete it. If we find the above situation ourselves, we will also delete it on our own. If your platform is open to minors and it is possible to collect personal information of minors, please pay attention to the following: 1. Please pay attention to whether the minor uses your service after obtaining the authorization and consent of the guardian.2. For the collection of information of minors by using our products or services with the consent of parents or other guardians, we will only collect, use, share, transfer or disclose this information according to your authorization when permitted by laws and regulations, with the explicit consent of parents or other guardians, or when necessary to protect minors. VIII. Updates to this Data Security and Personal Information Protection Policy Once you start using or continue to use our services, it means that you have fully understood and agreed that we collect, store, use and process data related to this service in accordance with this policy. We may modify certain terms of this policy at any time, and such modifications shall constitute part of this policy. If such modifications result in a substantial reduction of your rights under this policy, we will notify you by posting a notice in a prominent position on the homepage, sending you an email or otherwise notifying you before the modification takes effect. In such case, if you continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by the revised policy. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this policy or matters related to this policy, you can contact us through the contact information published on our website. We may send you service-related announcements when necessary (for example, when we suspend a service due to system maintenance). You may not be able to cancel these service-related announcements that are not promotional advertisements.(I) If you have any complaints, suggestions or questions about the implementation of this policy or about our privacy protection, you can contact us through the following methods, and we will respond to you within 15 working days after verifying your user identity: 1. Dedicated email channel: In order to better protect your rights and interests, we have set up a feedback mailbox opr@banyunjuhe.com, and you can contact us through this mailbox. 2. Personal Information Protection Specialist: You can send an email to opr@banyunjuhecom or write to the following address to contact him: Room 5064, 501, 5th Floor, Building 3, No. 2 Minzuyuan Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, Personal Protection Specialist (received). 3. Manual customer service channel: You can call our customer service number 010-53357396 to contact us. (II) We will respond to you as soon as possible after receiving your opinions and suggestions and within 15 working days after verifying your user identity. Generally, we will not charge you for this service fee. However, you understand and know that we will not be able to respond to your request in the following circumstances: related to national security and national defense security; related to public safety, public health, and major public interests; related to criminal investigation, prosecution, and trial; there is sufficient evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights; responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations.(III) If you are not satisfied with our response, or the way we handle your personal information infringes upon your legal rights and interests, and we still refuse to make improvements after you give us feedback, you may file a complaint or report to the industrial and commercial, public security and other regulatory authorities. X. Others (I) The interpretation and dispute resolution of this policy shall be subject to the laws of mainland China. Any disputes related to this policy shall be resolved amicably through negotiation by both parties; if they cannot be resolved through negotiation, you agree to submit the dispute to the Haidian District People's Court of Beijing for litigation. (II) The title of this policy is for convenience and reading only and does not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision in the text.