Tiger Community Privacy Policy Release Date: July 7, 2023 Effective Date: July 7, 2023 Introduction Beijing Zhijian Fengyi Information Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we") attaches great importance to the security of users' personal information and makes commercially reasonable efforts to protect users' personal information. We are committed to adopting consistent and strict policies in all operations. We hope to explain to you through the "Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this Policy") our processing rules and other related matters when collecting and using personal information, so as to better protect the rights of you and related individuals. This policy applies to the Tiger Community website (the current URL is www.laohu8.com, if we change the URL or add other URLs in the future, please refer to the URL at that time) operated, developed and managed by us, as well as the corresponding mobile application APP, public account platform, mini program, and other Internet media that may be involved from time to time (hereinafter referred to as "Tiger Community/Community") Provide you with various products and services (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Products/Services").Please read this policy carefully, especially the terms marked in bold/bold underline, to learn in detail how we collect and use information so that you can better understand our products/services and make appropriate choices. Please start using the products/services only after you confirm that you fully understand and agree to this policy. If you click "Agree to this Policy" or check an option with a similar meaning, or actively log in, confirm, agree, accept, and use the products/services we provide, you agree that we collect, use, store, share, transfer and disclose personal information in accordance with this policy (including updated versions). The relevant special tips are as follows: In order to provide you with the basic functions of our products and services, you need to authorize us to collect and use necessary information; if you refuse to provide such necessary information, you will not be able to use our products and services normally. If you refuse us to collect any of your personal information, we will not be able to provide you with the complete basic service functions of the community. In order to provide you with extended functions of our services and products, you can choose to authorize us to further collect and use other information in addition to that required to achieve basic functions; if you refuse to provide such information, you will not be able to use the relevant additional functions normally or achieve the functional effects we intend to achieve, but it will not affect your use of the basic functions of our products and services.If a piece of information cannot identify you individually or in combination with other information, then that information does not belong to your personal information in the legal sense. When the information we hold can objectively identify you in combination with other information, even if we do not intend or cannot ultimately identify you by obtaining or combining any other information, such information will be treated and protected as personal information in accordance with this policy during use. The functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a function or service is not described below and your information is collected, we will separately explain the content, scope and purpose of information collection to you through instant notification (including pop-up windows, page prompts, website announcements, interactive processes, etc.), function update instructions, etc., and obtain your separate consent for a function or service. These instant notifications and function update instructions constitute part of this Privacy Policy and have the same effect as this Privacy Policy. You can learn more about the specific circumstances of our collection and use of your personal information by clicking on the "Personal Information Collection List". In order to provide better customer service and experience, we may access third-party software tools, and you can learn more about the specific circumstances by clicking on the "Third-Party Shared Personal Information List". If you have any questions about this Policy or related matters, please contact us via email at service@laohu8.com or through the contact information provided in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Policy.II. How we use cookies and similar technologies III. Personal information we may share, transfer or disclose IV. How we store and protect personal information V. How to exercise your rights VI. Third-party websites and services VII. Cross-border transmission of personal information VIII. Special protection for minors IX. Notices and amendments X. How to contact us I. How we collect and use personal information (I) Personal information we collect and use Personal information is various information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded electronically or otherwise, excluding information after anonymization. Sensitive personal information is personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, is likely to infringe upon the personal dignity of a natural person or endanger the personal or property safety of the natural person, including information such as biometrics, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical health, financial accounts, whereabouts, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen. (We will prominently mark the sensitive personal information involved in this policy with bold underlines). In the process of your use of our products/services, we will collect the information you actively provide, authorize to provide, or provide based on your request, as well as the information generated based on your use of products/services in the following ways to provide you with services, optimize services and protect the security of your account. If you refuse to provide or agree that we collect this information, you will not be able to obtain the corresponding services. 1.When you register or log in to our products and services, you can create or log in to an account using your mobile phone number, email address, password, or verification code to meet the online real-name system and other regulatory requirements of relevant laws and regulations; you can also complete relevant online identity information (such as avatar, nickname, and personal profile) according to your own needs to complete your personal information. If you only need to use browsing, searching, and other functions, you do not need to register as our user and provide the above information. When you are not logged in, we may collect your unique device identifier (such as IMEI, IDFA, IDFV, Android ID) for statistical data purposes. When you register/log in, in order to protect the security of your account, we will use the human-machine verification function to collect your browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information (including operator and mobile phone number), and application version number through the SDK. 2.You can use the "Share" button to share community content to third parties (third parties include but are not limited to: WeChat, Weibo, QQ, Xiaomi account). We need to access the mobile application installation list of your device to determine whether you have installed a third-party client. We will obtain the avatar and nickname of the third-party account you use when logging in through the third-party authorization service and save this information to the server. This information will be used to manage your account. Unless you choose it yourself or comply with relevant laws and regulations, we will not provide the above information to the outside world, nor will we use it for other purposes other than this function. Based on the cooperation between the communication operator and us, you can choose to use the "one-click login" function. When you use the "one-click login" function, the operator will send your mobile phone number to us after obtaining your explicit consent by sending a link or other means; in this process, after your authorization, it will request network permissions, read the phone status, and call the operator (third party) SDK to facilitate us to provide you with a quick login service. The mobile phone number is necessary personal information for the "one-click login" function. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to register and log in using the "one-click login" function, but it will not affect your registration and login through other methods, nor will it affect the normal use of other functions. 3. When you add, cancel, unlock an account, retrieve or modify your password, in order to protect the security of your account, we need to verify your information, mainly including mobile phone number, email address, password, and bound third-party account. 4.When you use the personal avatar editing function and post posts, comments, photos, etc. in the community, if you choose to use the "take a photo" or "shoot" method, we need you to authorize the use of the device's camera/camera permissions; if you use the "select from the album" method, we need you to authorize the use of the device's album permissions. When you save pictures in the APP to the album when necessary, we need you to authorize the use of the device's album permissions. When you use the community live broadcast function, we need you to authorize the use of microphone permissions. At the same time, we will collect information such as clicks, browsing, following, favorites, searches, comments, sharing, uploads (pictures, audio and video), friend relationships, medal information, and notes generated during your access and use of community services. The above information you upload and generate will be stored in our servers because storage is necessary to achieve this function. 5.In order to facilitate you to copy information, share or receive shared information, and participate in activities, we need to access your clipboard permissions locally and read the passwords, sharing codes, and links contained therein to implement functions or services such as jump, share, and activity linkage. We will only upload the clipboard content to our server when we locally identify that it belongs to Tiger jump, share, activity linkage and other instructions. In addition, we will not upload other information on your clipboard to our server. The system of some mobile devices will prompt that the application (App) is reading the clipboard, but the system prompt cannot distinguish whether it is local processing or upload, and due to differences in statistical methods, the possibility of false alarms cannot be ruled out. Therefore, if you find similar prompts and have questions, please contact us so that we can locate the problem. 6.When you use our market information, company actions or major event announcement functions, after you authorize the permission to read/write your calendar, we will read/record the dates of the market information, company actions or major events you are interested in into the system calendar according to your operation, so as to provide you with reminder services in a timely manner. If access is denied, you will not be able to use the reminder function, but it will not affect your use of other services. When you browse and search for market information, in order to display and recommend it according to your needs, we will collect information generated by your clicks, browsing, attention, collection, search, query, sharing, etc. during the access and use process. We provide you with the basic market information services you need free of charge. When you need more professional market information services, based on the compliance requirements of the professional market information provider, you may be required to provide additional personal information, which may involve Tiger UUID, name, residential address, work unit name, work unit industry, work unit address, position, email address, mobile phone number and other information. We remind you to provide such information with caution, and we will also obtain your separate consent before assisting in providing such professional market information services. 7. When you redeem rewards in the Reward Center, we will collect your delivery address, recipient, and mobile phone number in order to send you event gifts and collect feedback. If you refuse to provide the above information, we will not be able to send you gifts, but it will not affect your use of our other services. 8.When you are authenticated as an enterprise employee, we will collect your enterprise name, work badge information, corporate email address, and mobile phone number to verify your identity as an enterprise employee and confirm your qualifications as an exclusive activity subject. 9. In order to verify your true identity and supervise and manage your behavior, when you are authenticated as a community celebrity, we may collect your certification introduction, name, front and back photos of your ID card, and contact information (optional); when you are authenticated as an enterprise, we may collect your headshot (optional), nickname, and Chinese and English introductions; when you are authenticated as a media, we may collect your certification introduction, front and back photos of your ID card, work badge/business card, copy of business license, email address, and other contact information (optional). 10. By default, mobile applications only access the storage space in the application sandbox/this application directory allocated by the Android system. After you authorize the permission to read/write your device storage, we will read or write necessary information such as pictures, files, crash logs, etc. from your device storage space to provide you with functions such as information release or local recording of crash logs to ensure the stable operation of products/services. 11. In order to comply with laws and regulations and provide basic service requirements, to ensure the security of your account and system operation, and to analyze the collected information, we will help us troubleshoot the cause of system failures, develop and upgrade products, and optimize service quality. We will collect your device information and operation log information, which includes: (1)Device information: We will receive and record information about the device you are using based on the specific permissions you grant when installing the mobile app and using the product/service, including: device name, device model, unique device identifier (such as IMEI, IDFA, IDFV, Android ID), operating system, IP address, device MAC address, software installation list, resolution, mobile app download channel, current mobile app version number, mobile app language setting information, and device sensor information (such as gravity sensor, gyroscope sensor, electromagnetic field sensor, accelerometer). At the same time, in order to supervise and manage your behavior, we will display the IP address location information of your account on your account information page. The IP address location information of domestic accounts is marked to the province (region, city), and the IP address location information of overseas accounts is marked to the country (region). (2) Operation log information: When you use our products/services, we will automatically collect detailed information about your use of our products/services and save it as relevant network logs. We need to collect your log information, including: account status, login time, browsing history, which also includes your IP address, browser type, language used, operating system version, access date and time, network request, etc. We will obtain the storage permission of your device to save the aforementioned log information. 12.Customer Service: When you contact us or file a dispute resolution or apply for account-related business operations, in order to protect the security of your account and system, we need you to provide necessary personal information to verify your identity. In order to facilitate contacting you, help you solve the problem as soon as possible, or record the solution and results of the relevant problem, we may save your communication/call records and related content (including account information, other information you provide to prove relevant facts, or contact information you leave). In order to provide services and improve the quality of services, we may also use your other information, including the relevant information you provide when contacting customer service, and the questionnaire response information you send to us when participating in the questionnaire survey. 13. In order to display and recommend more relevant information to you and provide services that better meet your requirements, we will collect, use your personal information and automatically calculate and predict your preferences through computer algorithm models to match information or services that may be of interest to you. Below we will explain to you in detail the operating mechanism of the personalized recommendation service and how you can control it. (1) The scope of personalized recommendation services we provide mainly includes: information recommendation and community content recommendation. (2)In order to predict your preferences, we may collect your behaviors in the community (including searching, browsing, clicking, following, self-selection, blacklisting, liking, collecting, commenting, forwarding, and not interested), personal settings, IP address, and device information (including device model, OpenUDID, and Android ID) to analyze and calculate personalized recommendations, and select content that you may be more interested in for recommendation based on the calculation results. (3) We will provide real-time feedback on the recommendation model based on your browsing behavior during the use of the product, and continuously adjust and optimize the recommendation results to better provide you with high-quality content. Please be aware that our personalized recommendation algorithm does not identify the real identity of a specific natural person, but only provides more relevant and richer information based on user behavior and characteristics. We will inform you of the user information collected for personalized recommendations, user feedback, and methods of controlling information recommendations through this privacy policy, instant notifications (such as pop-ups, prompts, etc.). You can turn off personalized content push according to the introduction in Section 3, Article 3 of Part V of this Privacy Policy. When you turn it off, we will not process your personal information for the purpose of personalized push, but will only push general content that is not related to your preferences to you. 14.To ensure that you can normally receive the broadcast information pushed by us, when our mobile application is closed or running in the background, it may occasionally use the "self-start" capability, and there will be a certain frequency of self-start or related startup behavior through system broadcast. In addition, after obtaining your explicit consent, when you open the content push message of our mobile application, you will jump and open the relevant content. (II) Our rules for the use of personal information 1. We will use your authorized personal information to realize the functions of products/services in accordance with the purposes and uses specified in this policy. Please understand that the products/services we provide to you will be constantly updated and changed. Please note that if we want to use personal information for other purposes not stated in this policy or collect other personal information that is not mentioned, we will explain the purpose, method, and type of information collection to you in detail through page prompts, interactive processes, website announcements or other means and obtain your consent separately. Once you agree, such additional information or uses will be deemed part of this policy and will also be subject to this policy. 2.When we collect your various sensitive personal information, we will obtain your consent again through page prompts, interactive processes, website announcements or other means in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws, and minimize the impact on your personal rights and interests. If we want to collect sensitive personal information not specified in this policy, or use the specified sensitive personal information for other purposes not specified, we will also explain to you in detail the necessity, method, type, and impact on your personal rights and interests of information collection through the above methods. 3. Please note that if the information you provide contains the personal information of others, you need to ensure that you have obtained the legal authorization of others before providing us with such personal information. (III) Exceptions to obtaining your authorization and consent 1. We will also collect and use your personal information in the following circumstances, but please be fully aware that we do not need to obtain your authorization and consent to collect your information in the following circumstances: (1) Related to the implementation of laws, regulations and regulatory requirements; (2) Directly related to national security and national defense security; (3) Directly related to public safety, public health and major public interests; (4) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments; (5) For the purpose of safeguarding your own or other individuals’ major legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain your consent; (6) The information collected is disclosed to the public by you on your own initiative; (7) Information is collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;(8) Necessary for signing or performing a contract according to your requirements; (9) Necessary for maintaining products/services or other network platforms; (10) Other circumstances prescribed by laws and regulations. 2. You acknowledge and agree that after collecting personal information, we may de-identify the information through technical means. De-identified information will not be able to identify you without additional information. In this case, we can use the de-identified information to analyze the database and make commercial use of it without obtaining your consent. All personal information you provide when using products/services will continue to be authorized for our use unless you delete it or refuse us to continue collecting it through the device system settings. II. How we use cookies and similar technologies (I) Cookies Cookies are small text files created by website servers and saved on the user's browser. When a user visits a website server, the website can access the cookie information. In addition to being generally used to confirm the user's identity, cookies can also be used to store user information and track the user's access behavior. In addition to using cookies to confirm the user's identity and login status, we will not collect and track any information and behavior of the user through them.If you use our web version products, you can manage and delete cookies according to your preferences. Most browsers have functions that allow you to disable or delete cookies in the system. It should be noted that blocking cookies may cause certain functions or services provided by us on our website or system that rely on cookies to not work effectively or be unavailable, which may affect your user experience. (II) Cookie-like technologies In addition to cookies, we also use other similar technologies such as Authorization or "Web Beacon" on the website. Authorization is an HTTP protocol header transmitted behind the scenes between the Internet browser and the Internet server. It can replace cookies. Using web beacons can calculate users browsing web pages or access certain cookies. We will use Authorization to record your identity and collect information about your web browsing activities through web beacons, such as: Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), pages visited, operating system, date/time stamp, and click data stream, so that we can better understand and improve our products or services. Many web browsers have a Do Not Track function that can publish Do Not Track to websites.Request. Currently, major Internet standard organizations have not established relevant policies to specify how websites should respond to such requests. However, if your browser has Do Not Track enabled, we will respect your choice. III. Personal information we may share, transfer or disclose (I) Sharing 1. We will not share personal information with any third party without your consent, except in the following circumstances: (1) Sharing with your consent: We share your personal information with other parties after obtaining your explicit consent. (2) Sharing under legal circumstances: We may share your personal information with others in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, the needs of litigation dispute resolution, or the requirements of administrative and judicial authorities in accordance with the law. (3) Sharing with authorized partners: Only for the purposes stated in this policy, some of our services will be provided by our partners. Therefore, in order to ensure the provision of relevant services to you and improve your user experience, we may share the personal information you provide with our partners. For example, when you participate in a reward activity we offer, we must share your personal information with our partners in order to arrange the distribution of rewards or arrange for our partners to provide services. For example, in order to contact users to resolve disputes, handle personal account-related business operations, or when special business situations require urgent batch notification of users, we need to cooperate with the outbound call platform to share your contact information and notification content to provide you with customer service. (4)Necessary sharing with affiliates: To facilitate our provision of consistent services and personalized recommendations to you, we will share personal information between companies or affiliates that we directly or indirectly control. However, such sharing will be subject to the purposes stated in this Policy. We will only share your personal information with our affiliates when necessary and subject to the purposes stated in this Policy. If our affiliates want to change the purpose and method of processing personal information, they will ask for your authorization and consent again. (5) When you have questions that need our answers, complain about us, complain about others, or are complained by others, in order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of you and others, we may save your name and contact information, complaints and communication content in the customer service system provided by third-party suppliers, and may provide it to consumer rights protection departments and other regulatory authorities to resolve complaints and disputes in a timely manner, except where it is expressly prohibited by laws and regulations. (6) When we need professional advice, we may share your personal information with our accountants, auditors, lawyers or similar consultants. (7) We may share reports on trends and advertising effectiveness with advertising partners to help them better understand their audiences. We will not share any of your personally identifiable information unless you allow us to do so. (8) Other agreements between you and us regarding information sharing. 2.Your personal information may be shared with Tiger's affiliates in accordance with the provisions of Article (I) of this section. Such affiliates may only use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If the purpose and method of processing personal information need to be changed, we will separately seek your authorization and consent. 3. In order to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, we may access third-party software tools in the application and share some of your personal information with such third parties in order to provide better customer service and experience. For the directory of third parties we access and the sharing of personal information, please read the "List of Personal Information Shared by Third Parties". 4. We will only share personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes. For companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, we will require them to process the information in accordance with our instructions, this policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. At the same time, we will perform the corresponding legal obligations in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations. For example, we will inform you of the name and contact information of the recipient, the purpose and method of sharing, the type of personal information shared and obtain your explicit consent through page prompts, interactive processes, website announcements or other means; if the above content changes, we will also seek your consent again. (II) Transfer We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances: 1. With your explicit consent in advance; 2. In accordance with laws, regulations or mandatory administrative or judicial requirements; 3.In the event of asset transfer, acquisition, merger, reorganization or bankruptcy liquidation, if personal information is transferred, we will inform you of the relevant situation and require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy. If the purpose of using personal information is changed, we will require the company or organization to obtain your explicit consent again. (III) Disclosure We will only disclose personal information in the following circumstances and under the premise of taking security protection measures that meet industry standards: 1. Disclose the information you specify in accordance with your needs and in the disclosure method you explicitly agree to; 2. When announcing the list of winners of certain prize-winning activities, the winner's mobile phone number or user nickname will be displayed in an anonymized form; 3. In the event that your personal information must be provided due to the mandatory administrative enforcement requirements of laws, regulations, judicial, legal procedures, and government authorities, we may publicly disclose your personal information in accordance with the scope and method of personal information that must be provided; 4. When we receive a request to disclose your personal information based on the mandatory administrative enforcement requirements of laws, regulations, judicial, legal procedures, and government authorities, we will request the relevant department making the request to issue reasonable documents to ensure that such request has a legal basis and that the relevant law enforcement department has the legal right and reasonable purpose to obtain your personal information. (IV) Exceptions to prior authorization and consent when sharing, transferring, or disclosing informationWe do not need to obtain your prior authorization and consent to share, transfer, or disclose personal information if it meets the conditions in “I. (III) Exceptions to Obtaining Your Authorization and Consent” of this Policy. In accordance with relevant laws, regulations, regulatory requirements, and our business needs, we may share, transfer, or disclose de-identified or anonymized personal information. Please be aware that sharing, transferring, or disclosing anonymized or de-identified personal information and ensuring that the recipient of the information cannot restore and re-identify the subject of the information does not constitute external sharing, transfer, or public disclosure of personal information, and the preservation and processing of such information will not require additional notification to you and your consent. IV. How We Store and Protect Personal Information (I) Storage 1. Storage Region: Personal information collected and generated by our products/services operated in accordance with this Policy within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored in China. If we need to store your personal information collected and processed under this Policy overseas, we will strictly comply with the provisions of applicable laws and regulations and ensure the security of your personal information. Please refer to “VII. Cross-border Transmission of Personal Information” of this Policy for details. 2. Storage period: We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this Policy, unless laws, regulations, rules or regulatory documents require or allow the storage of such information for a longer period, such as in the following circumstances: (1) To comply with applicable laws, regulations and other relevant provisions; (2)To comply with court decisions, rulings or other legal procedures; (3) To comply with the requirements of relevant government agencies or legally authorized organizations; (4) For financial, auditing, dispute resolution and other purposes, it is necessary to reasonably extend the period. After the retention period expires, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws. 3. Termination of operation: If we terminate the service or operation, we will notify you at least thirty days in advance and delete or anonymize your personal information within 15 working days after the termination of the service or operation. (II) Protection We attach great importance to information security and take reasonable precautions to protect personal information: 1.We have taken reasonable and feasible security measures that meet industry standards to protect your information and prevent data from being accessed, disclosed, used, modified, damaged or lost without authorization. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. We take physical, technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risk of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and change, including but not limited to transport layer data encryption, firewalls and encrypted storage, physical access control and information access authorization control. We have set up security procedures to protect your information from being stolen by unauthorized access. For example: We ensure that all your network communications with us are encrypted using encryption technology (SSL). We use high-intensity encryption measures to encrypt and store your personal information on our servers. We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent personal information from being maliciously attacked; we deploy strict data access permission control and multiple identity authentication technologies to protect personal information and prevent data from being accessed and used in violation of regulations. When using personal information, such as displaying personal information and calculating the association of personal information, we will use a variety of data desensitization technologies including content replacement and SHA256 to enhance the security of personal information in use. We use automatic code security checks and data access log analysis technologies to strengthen personal information security audits. 2.We have an industry-leading data security management system that focuses on data and revolves around the data life cycle. We improve the security of the entire system from multiple dimensions, including organizational construction, system design, personnel management, product technology, etc., to protect your personal information. For example: we have established a data classification and grading system, data security management specifications, and security development specifications to regulate the storage and use of personal information, and perform security impact assessments, risk assessments, and other obligations in accordance with applicable laws. We require all employees to sign a confidentiality agreement. We will hold security and privacy protection training courses, and through assessments, reviews, and adding data protection to employees' daily assessments, we will strengthen employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information and strictly follow protection requirements. We have passed ISO27001/ISO27701/ISO29151/ISO20000 certification, which means that we are already at the industry's advanced level in information security, business continuity, privacy protection, and other fields. 3. In addition to providing a systematic personal data protection approach, our security department-personal information protection specialist will be fully responsible for your data protection as a data protection officer (DPO). 4.We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to try to avoid collecting irrelevant personal information. We will only retain your personal information for the period required to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless the retention period needs to be extended or is permitted by law. After the necessary period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. When our products or services cease to operate, we will notify you in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc. 5. Please be aware and understand that the Internet is not an absolutely safe environment. We strongly recommend that you use our products and services in a safe manner and with complex and reliable passwords to help us ensure the security of your account. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially if your account or password has been leaked, please contact us immediately according to the contact information provided in this policy so that we can take appropriate measures. 6. After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for your independent prevention and risk reduction, and remedial measures for you, etc. We will inform you of the relevant information of the incident by email, letter, phone call, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform each user one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to issue an announcement. At the same time, we will also report the handling of the information security incident in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities. (III) Handling of security incidentsIf a security incident such as personal information leakage occurs, we will deal with it in a timely manner in accordance with regulations to prevent the security incident from expanding. Please understand that due to technical limitations and risk prevention limitations, even if we have tried our best to strengthen security measures, we cannot always guarantee that information is 100% secure. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use may have problems due to circumstances beyond our control, and it is impossible to determine whether email, instant messaging, social software or other service software and other communication methods with other customers are completely encrypted. We recommend that you use complex passwords when using such tools and pay attention to protecting your information security. Please be sure to keep your account, password and other identity elements properly. When you use products/services, we will identify your identity through your account, password and other identity elements. Once you leak the above information, you and related entities may suffer losses and may have an adverse impact on you. If you find that your account, password and/or other identity elements may or have been leaked, please contact us immediately so that we can take corresponding measures in time to avoid or reduce related losses. V. How to exercise your rights In accordance with relevant Chinese laws, regulations, standards, and common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you can exercise the following rights over your personal information. (I) Access, Correction, and Deletion of Your Personal Information 1. Access and Correction of Your Personal Information (1) You have the right to access and correct your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations.(2) You can log in to our APP and go to "My" - "Settings" - "Account Management" and "Security Settings" to access and change the bound mobile phone and email information, manage the binding and unbinding of social accounts; go to "My" - "Personal Homepage" - "Edit" to access and modify personal information, including avatar, nickname, introduction, address; go to "My" - "Settings" - "Security Settings" to modify the login password. (3) You can log in to our APP and go to the "My" page, click "Settings" in the upper right corner to enter "Privacy Management" and view the "Personal Information Collection List". (4) You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information retained by our company. You can make an application for a copy by calling the customer service hotline, and we will send the copy to the email address bound to your account within the time limit prescribed by law. Please note that in certain circumstances, we have the right to refuse requests for access to copies of personal information (especially information that is specially protected by laws and regulations). (5) If you are unable to access or correct the above information, you can contact customer service and we will respond to your access request within 15 working days. (6) If you change your personal information or discover errors in your personal information that may affect the services we provide or the normal transactions you represent on behalf of the relevant entity, or if you need to make corrections in a timely manner in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, you should make corrections in a timely manner or contact us to request corrections. Otherwise, you will be solely responsible for any adverse consequences resulting from such changes. 2. Deleting your personal information (1)In the following circumstances, you may make a request to us to delete your personal information. Please refer to the contact information in this policy for details on how to make a deletion request. We will delete your personal information within 15 working days after receiving your request: If our handling of your personal information violates the law; If we collect and use your personal information without your explicit consent; If our handling of personal information seriously violates the terms of our agreement with you; If you no longer use our products or services, or you have actively cancelled your account; If we no longer provide you with products or services. (2) If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entity that obtained your personal information from us and request it to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or these entities obtain your independent authorization. When you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but we will delete the information when the backup is updated. (II) Change the scope of your authorization or withdraw your authorization 1. You can change the scope of your authorization for us to continue to collect personal information or withdraw your authorization by deleting information, turning off device functions, etc. You can also withdraw all authorizations for us to continue to collect your personal information by canceling your account. 2.Please understand that each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. When you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, and we will no longer process your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization. In addition, due to technical limitations, laws, regulations or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to meet all your requirements immediately. We will store your personal information securely and limit any further processing of it until the backup can be cleared or anonymized. (III) Management of notifications, personalized recommendations, system permissions, and pop-up ads 1. Management of notifications (1) We provide you with reminders and notifications of news announcements, hot posts, and related content, so that you can keep up to date with the latest information on the content you are concerned about. (2) In the following scenarios, you can manage reminders and notifications: APP message push: You can refuse us to push messages to your device in "My" - "Settings" - "Notification Management" - "APP Push". SMS and email notifications: You can refuse us to send you SMS and emails in "My" - "Settings" - "Notification Management" - "SMS and Email Notifications". WeChat Service Account Notifications: If you follow our WeChat Service Account on WeChat, you can refuse us from sending you text messages and emails by going to "My Account" - "Settings" - "Notification Management" - "WeChat Service Account Notifications". (3)If you do not wish to receive our text messages or phone calls, you can also unsubscribe through the corresponding unsubscribe function in the message, or clearly express your refusal during the phone call. 2. Management of personalized recommendations (1) About personalized recommendation services We will inform you of the user information collected for personalized recommendations, user feedback, and methods of controlling information recommendations through this privacy policy, instant notifications (such as pop-ups, prompts, etc.), etc. We will collect your browsing behavior, browsing time, and device information such as clicks, follows, favorites, searches, browsing, sharing, comments, likes, feedback, etc. during the use of this service to analyze and calculate personalized recommendations, and select content that you may be more interested in based on the calculation results for recommendation. We will provide real-time feedback on the recommendation model based on your browsing behavior during the use of the product, and continuously adjust and optimize the recommendation results. The personalized recommendation services we provide mainly include information recommendations and community content recommendations. (2) Control and management of personalized recommendations Self-determination to receive personalized recommendations: You can turn on or off the personalized recommendation function through "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Management" - "Personalized Content Recommendation Management". You can choose to turn off personalized recommendations. When you choose to turn off personalized recommendations, you will not be able to enjoy the corresponding personalized recommendation service. Self-subscription to required content: The accounts you actively choose to follow will be displayed in the follow-up channels. You can choose to follow or unfollow them.When there is no content that interests you, you can also enter the keywords of interest in the search bar, click and read the search results. If you believe that the personalized recommendation function or other decisions made through automated decision-making seriously affect your personal rights and interests, you can contact us through the "Feedback" portal or the contact information provided in "How to Contact Us" of this Policy and ask us to explain. 3. Management of System Permissions (1) You can manage and withdraw the system authorization you set in the APP through "My" - "Settings" - "Privacy Management" - "System Permission Management". (2) You can turn on or off the automatic start through "Mobile" - "Settings" - "Authorization Management" - "Auto-start Management". (3) Please understand that after you perform the above operations, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, but it will not affect the personal information processing that has been carried out based on your authorization. 4. Management of Pop-up Ads We will recommend advertisements to you through pop-ups. You can close the pop-up ads by clicking the "Skip" or "Close" button in the pop-up ads. (IV) Cancelling your account 1. You can apply to cancel your account in the following ways: (1) You can directly apply to cancel your account by clicking "Settings" - "Account Management" - "Account Cancellation" on the "My" page; (2) Contact our customer service for help to assist you in applying to cancel your account. 2.After the customer service staff verifies your identity and your request to cancel your account, and confirms that there are no unresolved disputes in your account, they will accept your request to cancel your account and cancel your account according to your request within fifteen working days. After you cancel your account, we will stop providing you with products or services. Unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it according to your request. 3. We kindly remind you that after the account is cancelled, your registration information and rights will be lost and the account cannot be restored for use, and you will not be able to retrieve any content or information related to the account; your cancellation of the account will cause a lot of inconvenience to your after-sales or rights protection, so please back up all account-related information and various bills and vouchers and other related materials before the operation. (V) Responding to your above request In order to ensure security, we may need you to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We will respond to your request within fifteen working days after receiving your feedback on identity verification and completing the verification. If you are not satisfied with our response, you can also seek an external solution mechanism through the methods provided in the following Part 10.In principle, we do not charge any fees for your reasonable requests, but we will charge a certain cost for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits. We may reject requests that are repeated without reason, require too many technical means (for example, the development of new systems or fundamental changes to current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very impractical (for example, information stored on backup tapes). In the following circumstances, we will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with laws and regulations: 1. Related to our performance of obligations stipulated by laws and regulations; 2. Directly related to national security and national defense security; 3. Directly related to public security, public health, and major public interests; 4. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution and trial; 5. There is sufficient evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights; 6. For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' major legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person concerned; 7. Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations; 8. Involving commercial secrets. 6. Third-party websites and services Our products/services may be linked to links or other services provided by third parties (including websites, WeChat or other service forms).(I) You can use your community account to log in to a third-party platform. With your consent, a third party may collect your personal information (including avatars, nicknames, and your log information) and may install automatic data collection tools on your computer to enable the above functions to operate normally. (II) Other situations of accessing third-party services. For example, in order to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, we may access third-party software tools and share some of your personal information with such third parties in order to provide better customer service and experience. You can learn more about the specific situation by clicking on the "Third Party Shared Personal Information List". The above-mentioned third-party services are operated by the relevant third parties. This policy only applies to the personal information we collect and does not apply to any services provided by any third party or the third party's information use rules. Your use of the services of such third parties and any information you provide to such third parties will be subject to the third party's terms of service and its personal information protection rules (not this policy). You should read their terms and rules carefully, carefully judge the risks, and decide whether to accept, use third-party services, or provide relevant information to third parties. If you find that these third-party services are risky, it is recommended that you terminate the relevant operations to protect your legitimate rights and interests. VII. Cross-border transmission of personal informationThe personal information collected and generated by our products/services operated in accordance with this policy within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored in the territory of the People's Republic of China. If we need to transfer your personal information collected and processed under this policy overseas (including making your personal information accessible to other jurisdictions) due to business or management requirements in the future, we will strictly meet the necessary preconditions and fulfill the corresponding legal obligations in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations and the requirements of regulatory authorities before the transfer, including informing you of the name and contact information of the overseas recipient, the purpose and method of transfer, the type of personal information transferred, the method and procedure for you to exercise your rights to the overseas recipient, and obtaining your separate explicit consent, etc. Although other countries have different data protection laws, we will ensure that your personal information is protected in other countries to the same extent as in the territory of the People's Republic of China. VIII. Special protection for minors Minors should not access our services, and we will not collect personal information of minors; if you believe that we may have collected information about your children or guardians under the age of 18 without your knowledge, please contact us in accordance with Section 10 of this policy and we will delete such information. IX. Notice and Revision We may modify this policy from time to time according to the development of products or services and the relevant requirements of laws and regulations.After this policy is revised, you have the right to choose to accept the updated privacy policy or stop using the product/service. If you continue to use it, it is deemed that you have fully read, understood and accepted the revised privacy policy. In order to fully protect your legitimate rights and interests and keep you updated with our latest information on personal information protection, we will publish an updated version of this policy at the bottom of the mobile application ("My → Settings → Privacy Policy") page or the Tiger Community website page. For major changes, we will also provide more prominent notices (including notifications through public announcements or pop-up prompts). Please also visit our privacy policy page frequently to keep up to date with the latest privacy policies. Major changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to: (i) Major changes in our service model. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way personal information is used, etc.; (ii) Major changes in our control rights, such as changes in information controllers caused by mergers and acquisitions; (iii) Changes in the main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure; (iv) Major changes in your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and the way they are exercised; (v) Changes in our responsible department, contact information and complaint channels for handling personal information security; (vi) When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates a high risk. 10. How to contact us(1) The operating unit is Beijing Zhijianfengyi Information Technology Co., Ltd. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this policy or your personal information, please contact us by visiting https://www.laohu8.com to contact the online customer service, sending an email to service@laohu8.com or calling our customer service number 010-56813666. (2) We have established a security department-personal information protection specialist, and you can contact him/her by sending an email to security@itiger.com. (3) In general, we will reply within 15 working days after receiving your comments. If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing behavior has damaged your legitimate rights and interests, you can also complain or report to the Internet Information Office, Telecom, Public Security, Industry and Commerce and other regulatory authorities. (4) Contact address: 18th Floor, Guanjie Building, Taiyanggong Middle Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing. [No text below]