500tu Privacy Policy Updated: April 23, 2024 Effective: April 23, 2024 Shanghai 500tu Network Technology Co., Ltd. and 500tu.com (hereinafter referred to as "we") are fully aware of the importance of personal information to you. We will abide by the principles of consistency of rights and responsibilities, clear purpose, minimum sufficiency, openness and transparency in the protection of personal information submitted by you in the process of operating 500tu products. At the same time, we will take corresponding security protection measures in accordance with the industry's common security standards to protect your personal information from being leaked and abused. Please read this agreement carefully, fully understand it and make a true expression of your intention. 500tu.com and its affiliated companies that provide services to you (hereinafter collectively referred to as "500tu.com") will protect user privacy data, personal information, etc. as a basic principle in the operation process. 500tu.com will collect, store, manage, use and protect your user personal information in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations such as the "Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China", the industry's higher personal information protection standards and the provisions of this agreement and other documents; if you have any doubts about all or part of the terms of the "Privacy Policy", you can contact us according to any contact method published by 500tu.com.Please read carefully and fully understand this policy before using our products (or services). If you explicitly express your disagreement with this policy, we will not collect, store, etc. your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this policy. However, please be aware that your disagreement with this policy may affect your normal use of our products and/or services. If you need to fully use or continue to use our products and/or services, please choose to agree to the privacy policy after your first login or when we update the relevant privacy policy (we will prompt you to review and agree to the updated privacy policy after each update). If you choose to agree to this privacy policy or the updated privacy policy, it is deemed that you agree to authorize us to collect, process and protect your information in accordance with this privacy policy. Among them, we have indicated the terms that may have a significant relationship with your rights and interests in bold, etc., please pay special attention. # To minors1. Our company attaches great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. If you are under the age of 18, please strengthen your personal protection awareness and treat it with caution when filling in your personal information. Please read carefully and fully understand this privacy policy accompanied by your guardian, and use our services or provide us with information after obtaining the consent of your guardian; in particular, if you are a child, we will provide a higher level of personal information protection for children. Children and guardians are requested to read the "Wotu Children's Personal Information Protection Rules" in detail, and the guardian shall decide whether to agree; if you do not obtain the consent of the guardian, the guardian may notify our company to handle the relevant account by contacting the official customer service contact information published by our company Shanghai Wotu Network Technology Co., Ltd., and our company has the right to restrict the functions and use of the relevant account, including but not limited to browsing, posting information, and interactive communication. 2. Special Tips (1) Minors who use our services should be supervised and guided by their guardians, learn to use the Internet correctly within a reasonable range, avoid being addicted to the virtual online space, and develop good online habits; (2) Young users must abide by the "National Youth Internet Civilization Convention"; (3) Be good at online learning and do not browse bad information; (4) Be honest and friendly in communication and do not insult or defraud others; (5) Enhance self-protection awareness and do not date netizens casually; (6) Maintain network security and do not disrupt network order; (7) Be beneficial to physical and mental health and do not indulge in virtual time and space. # To the Guardian1. In order to better protect the privacy rights and interests of minors, our company reminds you to be cautious when publishing content containing minors' materials. Once published, it is deemed that you have obtained the consent of the rights holder to display the portrait, voice and other information of minors in the relevant services of our website, and allow our website to use and process such content related to minors in accordance with this agreement. 2. If your guardian uses the relevant services of our website, you as a guardian should guide and supervise the registration and use behavior of the guardian. If your guardian applies to register an account of our website, our company will have the right to believe that he or she has obtained your consent; 3. Your guardian may use functions such as purchasing products or services when using the relevant services of our website. As a guardian, please keep your payment device, payment account and payment password safe to prevent the guardian from using consumption functions such as purchases through your account of our website without your consent. Minors and your guardians understand and confirm that if you violate relevant laws and regulations and the contents of this agreement during the use of our website services, you and your guardian will bear all legal responsibilities arising therefrom in accordance with relevant legal provisions. If you are a guardian, you should select the Youth Mode to use the services provided by our company. Glossary Unless otherwise agreed, the terms used in this Privacy Policy generally have the following definitions: 1.Personal information: refers to various information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. The personal information involved in this privacy policy includes basic information of natural persons (personal name, gender, date of birth, home address, contact information, etc.), personal identity information (such as ID card number), network identity identification information (login account, IP address, personal digital certificate, etc.), personal property information (bank account, transaction and consumption records, virtual currency and other property, etc.), personal Internet records (website, mini-program browsing and use records, etc.), personal commonly used device information (hardware model, hardware serial number, device MAC address, operating system type, unique device identification code, etc.), and the specific description below shall prevail. 2. Personal sensitive information: refers to personal information that, once leaked or abused, may endanger personal and property safety, and is very likely to cause damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. The personal sensitive information involved in this privacy policy includes personal property information, personal identity information, network identity identification, and delivery address, and the specific description below shall prevail. 3. Device: refers to the device that can be used to access our products and/or services, such as desktop computers, laptops, tablet computers, and mobile devices such as smartphones. 4.Unique device identifier (unique ID or UUID): refers to a string of characters that is incorporated into the device by the device manufacturer and can be used to uniquely identify the corresponding device (such as IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OpenUDID/GUID/SIM card IMSI information, etc.). Unique device identifiers have many uses, including providing relevant graphic content when cookies cannot be used (for example, in mobile applications). 5. IP address: Internet devices have a designated number, namely the Internet Protocol (IP) address. This number is usually assigned based on the geographic area, and the IP address can usually be used to identify the approximate location of the device when it is connected to the Internet. 6. SSL: SSL (Secure Socket Layer), also known as Secure Sockets Layer, is a security protocol implemented on the transmission communication protocol (TCP/IP). SSL supports various types of networks and provides three basic security services, all of which use public key and symmetric key technology to achieve information confidentiality. 7. Cookies: Cookies are small files containing strings that are sent and stored in your computer, mobile device or other device (usually encrypted) when you log in and use a website or other network content. Cookie-like technologies are other technologies that can be used for similar purposes as cookies, such as Web Beacon, Proxy, embedded scripts, etc. 8.Account: To ensure that you can use the services of 51tu.com better, you need to provide us with some basic personal information when you register an account. When you visit 51tu.com, the system will use this account information to authenticate you to prevent unauthorized persons from accessing your account. 9. Anonymization: refers to the process of technically processing personal information so that the subject of personal information cannot be identified or associated, and the processed information cannot be restored. 10. De-identification: refers to the process of technically processing personal information so that it cannot be identified or associated with the subject of personal information without the help of additional information. 11. Server log: Normally, our server will automatically record the web page requests you make when you visit the website. These "server logs" usually include your network request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, request date and time, and one or more cookies that can uniquely identify your browser. This Privacy Policy will help you understand how we collect, process and protect your information; help you understand how to query, access, correct, delete authorized personal information and cancel your account. You can understand the key contents of this Privacy Policy through the following summary. 1. How we collect and use your personal informationPersonal information refers to various information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. My Photo Network collects and uses personal information that you actively provide during the use of the service or that is generated due to the needs of products and/or services in accordance with laws and regulations and in accordance with the principles of legitimacy, legality and necessity. If we intend to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this Privacy Policy, or use the collected information for other purposes based on a specific purpose, we will promptly inform you in a reasonable manner and obtain your consent again before use. We will only collect and use your personal information in the following scenarios described in this policy: 1. Register an account/quick login (1) Mobile phone number registration/quick login: When you use your mobile phone number to register/quickly log in to My Photo Network, you need to provide your mobile phone number to My Photo Network. During this process, based on our cooperation with the communication operators, with your explicit consent, the operator will send us your mobile phone verification code so that we can provide you with quick login services; we collect this type of information in order to: complete the registration process and provide quick login functions; provide you with products and/or services exclusively for registered users in a continuous and stable manner; manage your account, so that you can view your favorites, membership management, download information, device management, etc., and it will not be lost due to device replacement; and protect the security of your account.You should be aware that we collect this type of information to meet relevant laws, regulations and policy requirements. You can refuse to provide it, but if you refuse to provide it, you may not be able to use our mobile phone number registration/quick login function, which will affect your use of some basic services exclusively for registered users, but it will not affect your login in other ways or browsing the 500.com page as a visitor. Please consider carefully before providing it. (2) Login and bind through a third-party social account: You can use a third-party social account (WeChat, QQ) to log in to 500.com. If you decide to authorize the above third-party social account to log in to 500.com, the third-party platform will synchronize your avatar, nickname, and identity verification information (sensitive personal information) to us, and will not use it for other purposes without your consent; We collect this type of information to realize the function of logging in to 500.com through a third-party social account and binding it with the 500.com user account. If you refuse to provide or authorize a third-party social account to log in, you will not be able to use the third-party social account to log in and bind the 500.com account, but it will not affect your direct registration/quick login through a mobile phone number. The third-party social account combined with the identity verification information is your personal sensitive information. Please consider carefully before providing it. 2. Product display, personalized recommendation, and sending promotional marketing information.(1) When you become a registered user of 51Photos, in the process of using our products and/or services, in order to identify abnormal account status, understand product adaptability, and provide you with product page displays that better meet your needs, we will collect and store some of your personal information based on your specific operations of using products and/or services. This information includes: [Log Information]: When you use our services, we may automatically collect detailed information about your use of our services and save it as relevant network logs. Log information includes your login account, access date and time, IP address, device information, network environment, network operator information, browsing history you visit, your download and use history, search engine marketing information, and other information you provide, generate, or retain when using our products or services. [Device Information]: We may receive and record the name, model, operating system version, device settings, unique device identifier, device environment, mobile application list, and other hardware and software feature information (which may include your authorized GPS location and sensor information such as WLAN access points, Bluetooth, and base stations) based on the specific permissions you grant during software installation and use.The information covered by this scenario/function is necessary information for the basic functions of our products and/or services. If you refuse to provide the above information and/or permissions, you may not be able to use our products and services, but it will not affect your use of other products and services we provide to you. Please note that separate device information and log information are information that cannot identify a specific natural person. If we combine such non-personal information with other information to identify a specific natural person, or use it in combination with personal information, then during the period of combined use, such non-personal information will be regarded as personal information. Unless otherwise authorized by you or required by laws and regulations, we will anonymize and de-identify such personal information. During the period of combined use, such information will be treated and protected as your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. (2) The push function of goods or services is not a basic product and/or service of Wotu.com. It is only an additional service provided to you by Wotu.com to further optimize the user experience. In order to further meet your service needs, during this process, we will collect your browsing and search history, favorite information, device information, order information, and mobile phone number.We may conduct recommendation algorithm modeling, programmatic advertising recommendation algorithm modeling, user behavior analysis and user profiling based on a combination of one or more of the above information to help us better understand how you use our products and/or services, maintain and improve our products and/or services, or provide you with personalized services/targeted push notifications, including providing you with relevant personalized information (our personalized information may be made based on automated decision-making mechanisms including information systems and algorithms); we may also send you marketing information through SMS and in-app push notifications based on feature tags, and provide or promote goods and services, including: feature update reminder services, product/service new reminder services, application software and services, and other social information services; and third-party goods and services, including: Internet services, logistics services, advertising services, and other goods and services that we believe may be related to you. If you do not agree to authorize us to collect the above information, it will not affect your use of the basic products and services of 51pic.com. If you do not want to use this type of personalized recommendation service, you can close it by yourself in the following ways: You can close it by directly clicking the close button of the push content; you can reply to the SMS prompt to unsubscribe to close our SMS push notifications. 3. Sharing functionWhen you use some of our products and/or services, in addition to registering and logging in to your account, you may actively share and communicate to generate interactive information. We will automatically collect your above information and display your nickname, avatar, and shared information content. In particular, the sharing function is based on your explicit authorization and consent (such as scanning the code to log in). We will wake up your QQ, QQ space, WeChat contacts, WeChat Moments, Weibo, Xiaohongshu and other social platforms. You can decide to use your QQ, WeChat, Weibo, Xiaohongshu and other social platforms to share pictures and links. This function is developed by us to access third-party software development kits. If you refuse to wake up this function, you will not be able to use the sharing function, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions. We collect the above information to realize the functions we have. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you will not be able to use the interactive functions included in some products and/or services, but it will not affect your use of other products and services we provide to you. We especially hope that you will pay attention to properly protect your personal information during the interactive sharing process and avoid publishing your personal privacy. Please consider more carefully whether to disclose or even publicly share your personal information when using our services. If you find that your personal information has been leaked or the content you provided involves other people's personal information or privacy, especially if there is an abnormality in your account, please contact our official customer service immediately so that we can take timely measures.Only when you purchase/redeem goods or services (if any) in our products and/or services, we will collect some or all of the following personal information based on your purchase/redemption behavior and the content of the purchase/redemption: transaction goods or service information, necessary consignee information (consignee name, delivery address and contact number, we only collect necessary information), transaction amount, order time, order merchant, order number, order status, payment method (this function is developed by us to access a third-party software development kit), payment account, payment status. We collect the above information to help you complete the transaction smoothly, ensure your transaction security, query order information, provide customer service, etc. If you refuse us to collect the above information, you will not be able to purchase/redeem goods and/or services in our products and/or services, but it will not affect your use of other products and/or services we provide. Because the goods/redemptions you purchase may be provided by a third-party service provider, during this process, the third-party service provider may inevitably obtain your relevant information in order to smoothly, safely and accurately deliver goods or services to you. We promise you that we will do our best to protect the security of your personal information. We will strictly require third parties to keep your personal information confidential and only obtain and use it for the purpose of providing goods/services. It shall not be disclosed to others or used for any other purpose.When you open services, order goods, and make payments on our client, you need to use the payment function. During the payment process, we may collect your user ID of the third-party payment channel (such as Alipay user ID, WeChat open ID information). The above information is necessary for us to provide you with the information necessary for you to purchase goods and/or services. We cannot obtain your personal property information based solely on this information, nor can we identify the identity information of a specific natural person. If you do not agree with us collecting the above information, you will not be able to use the interactive functions contained in some products and/or services, but it will not affect your use of other products and services we provide to you. 6. Search function When you use the search function in our products, we need to collect some of your information, including the following personal information: your device information, your log information, including the words or terms you searched, your browsing history and time, and the time and number of times you searched. We collect this information in order to quickly match you with the content you need and the content that may be of interest to you, and also to improve our products and services. 7. Customer serviceWhen you file a complaint, appeal or make an inquiry to 51Pictures, for the security of your account and system, we may need you to provide account information first and match it with your previous personal information to verify your user identity. At the same time, in order to facilitate contact with you or help you solve problems, we may also need you to provide personal information such as name, mobile phone number, email and other contact information. In addition, we will also collect your communication information with us (including text/picture/audio/video/call records) and other necessary information related to your needs. We collect this information to investigate the facts and help you solve problems. If you refuse to provide the above information, we may not be able to provide you with timely feedback on the results of the complaint, appeal or inquiry. 8. Real-name Authentication (1) When you use some of our products and/or services, you need to complete the real-name authentication procedure in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and our guidelines. In order to complete the real-name authentication service, we will obtain your personal identity information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. In order to accurately verify your identity, we need to transmit the above information to a third-party organization (relevant government department) that legally stores your personal information for comparison and verification. We promise you that the above information will only be used for the purpose of real-name authentication. After completing the identity verification, we will immediately delete it by ourselves and require the third-party agency to delete it; however, in order to fulfill the obligation to store registration information, we will store your name, ID number, and contact information.(2) You understand and confirm that we will make every effort to protect the security of your personal information and strictly require third-party organizations to keep your personal information confidential. We will only obtain and use your personal information for the purpose of real-name authentication and shall not disclose it to unrelated parties or use it for any other purpose. (3) At the same time, you need to understand that we collect other information such as name, ID number, etc. (if any) based on the requirements of the real-name authentication procedure. If you refuse to provide such information, you may not be able to log in to your account and use related product functions. Please consider carefully before choosing whether to provide it. 9. Electronic Signing (1) Before you use some of our products and services and/or provide us with original works, you need to complete the electronic signing through the online electronic signing system. When using the online electronic signing system, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, we need to collect your personal identity information, personal biometric information and personal property information, including the following: electronic contract text, signatory information (signatory name, address and contact number) (personal sensitive information), signatory ID number (personal sensitive information), facial recognition features (personal sensitive information), bank account (personal property information). In addition, we may also collect some other information related to electronic signing, including: contract amount, contract term, signing time, contract number, contract status, payment method, payment serial number, payment status. We collect this information to help you successfully complete the electronic signing, ensure the security of your signing, query contract information, provide contract management services, etc.(2) When you use the online electronic signing system, in order to complete the real-name authentication service, we will provide your personal identity information, personal biometric information and personal property information to the online electronic signing system supplier as needed according to relevant laws and regulations and different authentication methods, including the following: signatory information (signatory name, contact number) (personal sensitive information), signatory ID number (personal sensitive information), facial recognition features (personal sensitive information), bank account (personal information); in order to accurately verify your identity, the online electronic signing system supplier needs to provide the above information to a third-party organization that legally stores your personal information (relevant government departments, telecom operators, China UnionPay, Alipay) for comparison and verification. We promise to you that we will make every effort to protect the security of your personal information, strictly require the online electronic signing system supplier to keep your personal information confidential, and only obtain and use it for the purpose of real-name authentication, and shall not disclose it to unrelated parties or use it for any other purpose. 10. Conduct internal data analysis and research, third-party SDK statistical services, and improve our products or services(1) To improve our products and services, we may access third-party products and services or accept third-party SDK statistics services with your authorization and consent. We will clearly mark them as provided by third parties and inform you of the type and purpose of the collected data. For your personal information collected, we will establish a security assessment mechanism and take personal information security protection measures when necessary. SDK data will not contain data that is not related to the products or services we provide. For the third-party SDK services currently included in our products, please refer to Appendix 2 of this Agreement, "List of Third-Party SDK Service Providers of WoTu Network". The collection and processing of information by the aforementioned service providers shall comply with their own privacy terms and shall not be subject to this Policy. In order to maximize the security of your information, we recommend that you review the privacy terms before using any third-party SDK services. We will monitor third-party access and third-party SDK statistics services, and take effective measures such as technical detection and timely disconnection of access to any illegal collection of your personal information to protect your personal information from being leaked; in addition, to protect your legal rights and interests, if you find that such SDK or other similar applications infringe your personal information, you can complain through the following channels: # Complaint phone: 021-38760448 # Email: tousu@ooopic.com(2) In order to provide you with better services, we may have data statistics and analysis needs. In addition to the above personal information, the statistical analysis service will collect the following information according to different statistical dimensions: SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service provider, platform, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, independent device identifier, device model, sensor parameters, terminal manufacturer, terminal device operating system version, session start/stop time, language location, time zone, etc. (3) In order to improve the user experience of the registration and login pages, our products/services may integrate SDK one-click login service to help users realize one-click login behavior. In order to implement gateway number acquisition technology, the relevant SDK service needs to obtain IP address, network card (MAC) address, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), OAID (instead of IMEI), and will collect system type, system version, network environment, gateway number acquisition error log and other data to provide statistical analysis service capabilities, and can provide anti-fraud and other functions. (Note: The above information you provide will continue to be authorized for our use during your use of this service. When you cancel your account, we will delete or anonymize your personal information as soon as possible in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations.) Tips on personal sensitive informationPersonal sensitive information is personal information that, once leaked, illegally provided or abused, may endanger personal and financial security, and may easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. It includes biometrics, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical health, financial accounts, whereabouts, and other information, as well as personal information of minors under the age of fourteen. The relevant information provided by you or collected by us may contain your sensitive information. We will take strict and special encryption measures to protect your personal information and require third parties to keep your personal information strictly confidential. We will not disclose your personal sensitive information to the outside or use it for other purposes without your express authorization. Please be cautious and pay attention to personal sensitive information. You agree that we can process your personal sensitive information in accordance with the purposes and methods described in this policy. II. How we use cookies and similar technologies (I) Cookies(1) When you use our products and/or services, we may use cookies and similar technologies to collect some of your personal information, including: your website visiting habits, your browsing information, and your login information. Cookies and similar technologies collect this type of information for the purpose of your use of our products and/or services, simplifying the steps of your repeated operations (such as registration, login), facilitating you to view your usage history (such as image browsing history), providing you with service content that better suits your personal needs and content that you may be more interested in, protecting the security of your information and account, and improving our products and services. (2) We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those stated in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have settings to block cookies.If you refuse us to use cookies and similar technologies to collect and use your relevant information, you can manage and (partially/completely) refuse cookies and/or similar technologies through your browser settings if your browser has this function; or delete cookies and/or similar technologies that have been stored in your computer, mobile device or other device, so that we cannot track your personal information in whole or in part. If you need to know more about how to change browser settings, please check the relevant settings page of the browser you use. You understand and know that some of our products/services can only be achieved by using cookies or similar technologies. If you refuse to use or delete them, you may not be able to use our related products and/or services normally or obtain the best service experience through our products and/or services, and it may also have a certain impact on your information protection and account security. (II) Web beacons and pixel tags In addition to cookies, we also use other similar technologies such as web beacons and pixel tags on our websites. For example, the email we send to you may contain a click URL that links to the content of our website. If you click on the link, we will track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences and improve customer service. A web beacon is typically a transparent image embedded in a website or email.With the help of pixel tags in emails, we can know whether the email has been opened. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time. (III) Do Not Track Many web browsers have a Do Not Track function that can issue Do Not Track requests to websites. At present, major Internet standard organizations have not established relevant policies to stipulate how websites should respond to such requests. But if your browser has Do Not Track enabled, all of our websites will respect your choice. III. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information (I) Sharing We will not share your personal information with any other company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances: 1. Sharing with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with other parties. 2. We may share your personal information externally in accordance with laws and regulations or at the mandatory requirements of government authorities.3. Sharing with authorized partners: Some of our services will be provided by authorized partners only for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. We may share some of your personal information with partners to provide better customer service and user experience. For example, companies we hire to provide third-party data statistics and analysis services may need to collect and access personal data for data statistics and analysis. In this case, these companies must comply with our data privacy and security requirements. We will only share your personal information for legitimate, lawful, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary to provide services. We and our partners are as follows. Since we will change partners according to the operating strategies of different periods, we will promptly publicize the changed partners. # For companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements with them and require them to handle personal information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. (II) Transfer 1. Transfer with explicit consent: We will transfer your personal information to other parties with your explicit consent. 2. In the event of a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if personal information is transferred, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy and notify you immediately to obtain your separate authorization. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to re-solicit your authorization and consent.(III) Public Disclosure We will only disclose your personal information publicly under the following circumstances: 1. After obtaining your explicit consent; 2. Disclosure based on the law: We may disclose your personal information publicly in accordance with relevant laws and regulations or mandatory requirements of judicial organs, government departments, auditing agencies, etc. IV. Our storage and protection of your personal information 1. Information storage (1) Storage location: In accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, we will only store the personal information collected about you within the territory of the People's Republic of China. At present, we do not have the scenario of cross-border storage of your personal information or providing personal information to overseas. If it is necessary to transfer data across borders, we will inform you clearly separately (including the purpose of data outflow, recipient, method and scope of use, content of use, security measures, security risks, etc.) and obtain your authorization and consent. We will ensure that the data recipient has sufficient data protection capabilities to protect your personal information. (2)Storage period: We retain your personal information for the shortest period necessary to provide you with products and services. For example, when you use our registration and membership functions, we need to collect your mobile phone number. After you provide it and during your use of the function, we need to continue to save your mobile phone number in order to provide you with the function normally and protect your account and system security. In addition, we may save your relevant information for the necessary period prescribed by relevant laws (for example, the "E-Commerce Law" stipulates that the storage period for product and service information and transaction information shall be no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction). (3) After the above storage period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information. 2. Information Protection (1) We have used security protection measures that meet industry standards to protect the personal information you provide to prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of data. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, when exchanging data (such as credit card information) between your browser and the "Service", it is protected by SSL encryption; we also provide https secure browsing for our website; we will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; we will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from malicious attacks;We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; and we will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information. (2) We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that no irrelevant personal information is collected. We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless the retention period needs to be extended or permitted by law. (3) The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and email, instant messaging, and communication with other our users are not encrypted. We strongly recommend that you do not send personal information through such means. Please use a complex password to help us ensure the security of your account. (4) The Internet environment is not 100% secure, and we will do our best to ensure the security of any information you send to us. If our physical, technical, or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, resulting in damage to your legal rights and interests, we will bear the corresponding legal liability. At the same time, we also have a professional security technology and operation team responsible for maintenance, so as to facilitate timely and effective response and handling of various security vulnerabilities and emergencies, and work with relevant departments to trace and combat security incidents. (5) If personal information is or is likely to be leaked, tampered with, or lost, we will immediately take remedial measures and notify the relevant departments, responsible persons, information subjects, and regulatory authorities as soon as possible. The notification content includes:(1) The types of information that has been leaked, tampered with, or lost, the reasons for it, and the possible harm it may cause; (2) The remedial measures we have taken and the measures that individuals can take to mitigate the harm; (3) The contact information of the person in charge of our personal information processing. At the same time, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, your suggestions for self-prevention and risk reduction, and your remedial measures. We will promptly inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident by email, letter, phone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will take reasonable and effective means to publish an announcement. V. Your rights In accordance with relevant Chinese laws, regulations, standards, and common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you can exercise the following rights over your personal information: (I) Access to your personal information You have the right to access your personal information, except for the exceptions provided by laws and regulations. If you want to exercise your right to access data, you can access it yourself in the following ways: Account information - If you want to access or edit the personal information in your account, change your password, add security information, or close your account, you can contact the online customer service at any time or send an email to tousu@ooopic.com. We will respond to your access request within 15 working days.For other personal information generated during your use of our products or services, if you want to exercise your right to access data, please contact our online customer service by sending an email to tousu@ooopic.com and authenticate your identity according to the requirements provided by the customer service. You are aware that we may charge you a certain fee to assist you in retrieving relevant data. (II) Correction of your personal information When you find that there is an error in the personal information we process about you, you have the right to request us to make corrections. You can make a correction request through the methods listed in "(I) Access to your personal information". (III) Deletion of your personal information In the following circumstances, you can request us to delete your personal information through the methods listed in "(I) Access to your personal information": 1. If our processing of personal information violates laws and regulations; 2. If we collect and use your personal information without obtaining your consent; 3. If our processing of personal information violates the agreement with you; 4. If you no longer use our products or services, or you cancel your account; 5. If we no longer provide you with products or services. If we decide to respond to your request for deletion, we will also notify the entity that obtained your personal information from us and request it to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or these entities obtain your independent authorization. When you delete information from our services, we may not delete the corresponding information from the backup system immediately, but we will delete the information when the backup is updated.(IV) Change the scope of your authorization or withdraw your authorization Each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed (see "Part I" of this Policy). You can give or withdraw your authorization at any time for the collection and use of additional personal information. You can make a correction request through the methods listed in "(I) Access to your personal information". When you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization. (V) Account cancellation by the subject of personal information You can cancel your previously registered account at any time. You can do it yourself in the following ways: You can contact the online customer service at any time or send an email to tousu@ooopic.com. We will respond to your access request within 15 working days. After canceling your account, we will stop providing you with products or services and delete your personal information according to your request, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations. Under the premise of technical feasibility, such as data interface matching, we can also directly transfer a copy of your personal information to a third party designated by you at your request. (VI) Constraints on automatic decision-making by information systems In certain business functions, we may make decisions based solely on non-human automatic decision-making mechanisms such as information systems and algorithms. If these decisions significantly affect your legal rights, you have the right to ask us for an explanation and we will provide appropriate relief.To ensure security, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. We will respond within fifteen working days. If you are not satisfied, you can also complain through the following channels: # Complaint phone: 021-38760448 In principle, we do not charge any fees for your reasonable requests, but for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee as appropriate. We may reject requests that are repeated without reason, require too many technical means (for example, the need to develop new systems or fundamentally change current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very impractical (for example, involving information stored on backup tapes). In the following circumstances, we will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with laws and regulations: 1. Related to national security and national defense security; 2. Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests; 3. Related to criminal investigation, prosecution and trial, etc.; 4. There is sufficient evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights; 5. Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations. VI. How do we handle children's personal information? Our products, websites and services are mainly for adults. Children are not allowed to create their own user accounts without the consent of their parents or guardians.In the case of collecting children's personal information with the consent of their parents or guardians, we will only use or disclose this information when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of their parents or guardians, or when it is necessary to protect children. Although the definition of children varies in the laws and customs of different countries and regions, we regard anyone under the age of 14 as a child. If we find that we have collected children's personal information without first obtaining verifiable parental consent, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible. VII. Updates to the Privacy Policy We may adjust or change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any updates to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our website by marking the update time. After the Privacy Policy is updated, we will remind you to read it in detail and choose whether to agree to the application of the new Privacy Policy according to your wishes through website announcements and pop-ups. If you refuse to agree to the updated Privacy Policy, you may not be able to use all or part of the services provided by our website. 8. How to Contact Us If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, we have also set up a dedicated personal information protection department (or personal information protection specialist), you can contact us in the following ways: Tel: 021-38760448 Email: tousu@ooopic.com Generally, we will reply within three working days, and no later than 15 working days for verification and processing. 9. Dispute ResolutionThe interpretation and dispute resolution of this Privacy Policy shall be subject to the laws of the People's Republic of China. If any dispute arises regarding the signing and performance of this policy, the parties shall try to resolve it through friendly negotiation; if the negotiation fails, either party may file a lawsuit with the People's Court with jurisdiction over the domicile of Shanghai Wotu Network Technology Co., Ltd. Annex 1: "Wotu.com Children's Personal Information Protection Rules" In order to protect the safety of children's personal information and promote the healthy growth of children. These rules are intended to explain in more detail to guardians (hereinafter referred to as "you") and children how we collect, use, store and process children's personal information, as well as the ways we provide you and children to access, correct, delete and protect this information. If you are the guardian of a child user, please use our products and/or services only after you fully understand and agree to these rules. I. Scope of Application These rules only apply to activities such as collecting, storing, using, transferring and disclosing children's personal information through the Internet within the territory of the People's Republic of China. Our products and services are mainly for adults, so minors are not allowed to register and log in to user accounts without the permission of their guardians.We will collect, store, use, transfer and disclose children's personal information in accordance with the principles of legitimate necessity, informed consent of the child and the guardian, clear purpose, security and legal use, and specify these rules. The "Privacy Policy" shows our general practices for collecting, using, processing and protecting personal information. These rules are part of the "Privacy Policy". If there is any inconsistency between these rules and the text of the "Privacy Policy" in terms of the rules for protecting children's personal information, these rules shall prevail. If not mentioned in these rules, the "Privacy Policy" shall apply/reference to the actual situation of the product. The meaning of the terms involved in these rules is consistent with that in the text of the "Privacy Policy". Special note to guardians: When we learn that your child is under the age of fourteen, we will take special measures in accordance with this policy to protect your child's personal information that we have obtained. Guardians are more convenient than us to protect your rights and interests. Please help us jointly protect your child's personal information and privacy security, and require them to read this policy together under your guardianship and use our products and/or services with your support and consent. If you do not agree to the "Privacy Policy" and these rules, or any agreement related to registering for a user account. Please immediately ask your child to stop accessing our website. If you agree to these rules (including updated rules) or if you read these rules and agree that your child continues to use our products and/or services and submit personal information, you agree that we will collect, store, use, transfer and disclose your childs personal information in accordance with these rules. Special instructions for children:If you are under 14 years old, please do not use our products and/or services before notifying your guardian and the guardian explicitly agrees to these rules. 2. Our rules for collecting and using children's personal information 1. We will strictly fulfill the legal obligations and responsibilities for protecting children's personal information, collect and use children's personal information in accordance with the principles of legitimate necessity, informed consent, clear purpose, security, and legal use. We will not collect children's personal information that is not related to the products and/or services we provide, and will not collect and use children's personal information in violation of legal provisions and our agreement with you. 2. We do not provide independent products and/or services to children. Generally, the personal information of children we collect and use only occurs in the first article of the "Privacy Policy" on how we collect and use your information. Under the guidance of the "Privacy Policy", we generally cannot actively obtain the age of the account user (unless you fill it in the personal account information) or confirm the authenticity of the actual user's account information. In this case, the "Privacy Policy" applies. Once we find that you are a child, we will provide a higher degree of protection for your account information. In addition to the first article of the "Privacy Policy", we will also collect information about the guardianship relationship between you and the child.3. We will inform the child's guardian again in a prominent and clear manner, and obtain the child's guardian's consent. Please refer to Article 1 of the "Privacy Policy" for the rules of the personal information of children that we may collect and use. Due to business needs, when it is necessary to collect and use the personal information of the child under your guardianship beyond the aforementioned agreed purpose and scope, we will obtain your consent again. III. Our rules for sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing children's personal information (I) Sharing For children's personal information, we will only share it within the purpose and scope described in these rules or in accordance with legal requirements, unless one or more of the following circumstances exist: 1. Sharing with you as a guardian; 2. We have obtained your explicit authorization and consent in advance; 3. If we need to change the purpose of processing children's personal information, we will ask for your authorization and consent again. 4. If we need to entrust a service provider to process children's personal information, please rest assured that we will conduct a security assessment of the service provider and its service behavior, sign an agreement, clarify the responsibilities, processing matters, processing period, processing nature and purpose, etc., and require that its processing behavior shall not exceed the scope of our authorization; 5. Other circumstances stipulated by the requirements of the competent authorities, laws and regulations, etc. (II) Transfer and public disclosure We will strictly fulfill the obligations and responsibilities for protecting childrens personal information as prescribed by law, and transfer and publicly disclose childrens personal information in accordance with the principles of legitimacy, necessity, informed consent, clear purpose, security, and legal use.If you want to know more, please refer to Article 3 of the Privacy Policy. IV. Your and/or children's rights to children's personal information Our products and services provide you and children with a variety of functions to exercise relevant rights to children's personal information. You can use these functions to manage children's personal information and children's online life, including: (I) Access rights You or children can query and access children's relevant personal information on the WEB, such as personal information, search history, download history, and favorite history. We have clearly informed children and their guardians of the detailed operation steps in Article 5 of the Privacy Policy. You can refer to the Privacy Policy for operation. (II) Correction/modification rights You can correct/modify children's relevant personal information on the WEB, such as personal information; or you can contact us to resolve the issue. We will make corrections/modifications after verifying your identity and without affecting the objectivity and accuracy of the information. At the same time, if you or children find that the children's personal information collected, stored, used, and disclosed by us is wrong, you can contact us to correct it. We will take timely measures to correct it after completing identity verification and verifying the problem. (III) Right to delete 1. You and your child can delete the childs relevant personal information on the WEB. We have clearly informed the child and his/her guardian of the detailed operation steps in Article 5 of the Privacy Policy. You can refer to the Privacy Policy for operation.The deletion of the above information may result in the loss of some data in your account, which may result in the inability to continue to use some of our products and/or services. 2. In the following circumstances, you or the child can directly request us to delete the childs personal information, and we will take timely measures to delete it after completing identity verification and verification, including: (1) We collect, store, use, transfer, or disclose childrens personal information in violation of laws and regulations or our agreement with the guardian; (2) We collect, store, use, transfer, or disclose childrens personal information beyond the scope of purpose or necessary period; (3) The guardian withdraws consent; (4) The guardian or child terminates the use of the product or service by cancellation or other means; (5) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations. (IV) Advance notification of the right to cease operation of products and/or services We will continue to provide you with quality services. If some or all of our products and/or services are forced to cease operation due to special reasons, we will notify you in advance in a prominent position or by sending you a push message or other means, and will stop collecting childrens personal information, and delete or anonymize the childrens personal information we hold. V. Our rules for storing and protecting childrens personal information We follow the provisions of laws and regulationsChildren's personal information is stored in the territory of the People's Republic of China. We only retain children's personal information for the shortest period necessary for the purpose of providing our products and services. After the above storage period, we will delete or anonymize children's personal information. We have adopted multi-level protection measures such as security technical measures that meet industry standards and supporting organizational structures and management systems to protect children's personal information; at the same time, we follow the principle of minimum authorization and set strict information access rights for staff to control the scope of children's personal information; we have also taken necessary technical measures to avoid illegal copying and downloading of children's personal information. If you want to know more, please refer to Article 6 of the main text of the "Privacy Policy". VI. Contact Us If you have any questions about the implementation of these rules or matters related to child privacy protection when using our products and/or services (including consultation, complaints, etc.), you can contact us in any of the following ways:  Our subject information: Shanghai Wotu Network Technology Co., Ltd.  Our mailing address: Room 302, Building 1, No. 690, Bibo Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai, Postal Code: 200120  Our email address: tousu@ooopic.com  Our official customer service phone number: 021-38760448We have dedicated personnel to handle this; you can also contact us through other feedback channels provided in the Privacy Policy. We will do our best to provide you with a satisfactory solution and complete the process for you within 15 working days.