Jialichuang Basic Functions Privacy Policy This version was released/updated on: [2024] [02] [23] This version is effective on: [2024] [02] [23] You can click [Historical Version] to view past versions of this Privacy Policy Dear users: We have updated the "Jialichuang PCB&SMT&Laser Steel Mesh Privacy Policy" and adjusted the name to "Jialichuang Basic Functions Privacy Policy". We have refined the scope of products and services to which this privacy policy applies, explained the basic functions and additional functions provided by Jialichuang, supplemented the situation where many products and services under Jialichuang and its affiliated companies share Jialichuang account information, updated the personal information collected and shared by the payment function, and added relevant clauses on the protection of personal information of the deceased. The "Jialichuang Basic Function Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this Privacy Policy") applies to the products and services of various basic online shopping functions provided by Shenzhen Jialichuang Technology Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we", "Jialichuang") to users (hereinafter referred to as "you") based on the Internet platform it operates, including the Jialichuang ordering platform website (www.jlc.com) and its related business websites, the Jialichuang ordering assistant App, the "Jialichuang ordering assistant" PC client software, the "Jialichuang ordering assistant | PCB proofing SMT patch" WeChat applet, the "Jialichuang" WeChat public account, and different types of existing or possible Internet products or services in the future.This Privacy Policy is a privacy statement and commitment made for the products and services of the basic online shopping functions of Jialichuang, and is an important part of the Jialichuang Privacy Policy. If our specific products and services have specific privacy protection policies, you can refer to the specific privacy protection policy to help you better protect your personal information. For example, when you use the products and services of Jialichuang Mechanical and Electrical Parts Mall (www.jlcfa.com), it is recommended that you read the Jialichuang FA Mall Privacy Policy for more details. If there is any inconsistency between this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of a specific product or service, please refer to the privacy policy of the specific product or service. For content not covered by the privacy policy of a specific product and the user service agreement, please refer to this policy and the Jialichuang Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us through the methods provided in "How to Contact Us" of this Privacy Policy. Your consent to this Privacy Policy only represents that you are aware of and agree that we collect and process relevant necessary information when using the basic online shopping functions of Jialichuang, and does not mean that you agree that we collect and process non-essential personal information. In addition to basic business functions, we will also provide you with a variety of other extended business functions. Providing such functions also requires you to provide relevant personal information. If you refuse to provide such information, you will not be able to use the corresponding extended business functions, but you can still use the basic business functions.This Privacy Policy has used boldface, underline and other prominent methods to indicate the clauses that have or may have a significant relationship with your rights and interests, the personal sensitive information we may collect, and the clauses that have or may have exemptions or restrictions on our liability. Please read and pay attention to them. Our products and services are mainly provided to adults who are 18 years old or older. If you are a minor under the age of 18, please use our products and/or services with the consent and guidance of your guardian; if you are a child under the age of 14 (including 14 years old), please do not use our products and/or services. If you find that we have unintentionally collected the personal information of a child, we will delete such personal information as soon as possible after receiving your notice. This privacy policy will help you understand the following: 1. Definition 2. How we collect and use your personal information 3. How we use cookies and similar technologies 4. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information 5. How we protect your personal information 6. How we store your personal information 7. Your rights 8. Other third parties and their services 9. Protection of minors 10. Changes to this privacy policy 11. How to contact us 1. Definition Third Party: refers to a supplier with whom we cooperate for the needs of collecting personal information, storing data, system maintenance, business support, etc., or an individual, company or other organization that establishes a cooperative or investment relationship with us for other matters.Personal information: refers to various information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify a natural person alone or in combination with other information, but does not include information that has been anonymized. Personal sensitive information: refers to personal information that, once leaked, illegally provided or abused, may endanger personal and property safety, easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. For the relevant personal sensitive information listed in this Privacy Policy, in order to make you alert when reading, we will prominently remind you in this Privacy Policy in a prominent manner or directly explain it. Children: refers to minors under the age of fourteen (inclusive). Deletion of personal information: refers to the act of removing personal information from the system involved in the implementation of products and/or services, so that it remains in a state that cannot be retrieved or accessed. Anonymization: refers to the processing of personal information so that it cannot identify a specific individual and cannot be restored. II. How we collect and use your personal information (I) Basic business functions In order to provide you with online shopping services, our basic functions include account registration and login, product/service information display, order placement and order management, payment, product/service delivery, customer service and after-sales, and transaction security. When you use the above functions, we will collect and use the following information about you. If you do not provide the corresponding information, you will not be able to use our products and/or services normally. 1. Register as our userWe provide you with services based on the Jialichuang account. When you register and log in to your account, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number information and registration password information. We will send a text message verification code to your mobile phone number to verify that the mobile phone number you registered is valid. Please understand that this is also necessary to meet the requirements of the online real-name system. If you refuse to provide the above information, you may not be able to register and log in, nor can you use our products and/or services. After completing the account creation, if you provide the following additional information, it will help us provide you with better services and experience: contact name, alternate contact number, QQ number, email address. If you do not provide this information, it will not affect the basic functions of using our products and services. You acknowledge and agree that we are committed to providing you with the entire electronics and mechanical industry chain and one-stop services. To facilitate your use of other products and/or services we provide to you, when you register as our user, your registered account will be applicable to multiple products and/or services under Jiali Chuang and its affiliates. We may synchronize your account information and content in the above products and services, which may include: customer number, registered mobile phone number, login password, WeChat OpenID and UnionID, account ownership, contact name and mobile phone number, delivery address, invoicing information, prepaid balance, order information and other information you authorize. 2. Provide you with the service of viewing and browsing productsIn order to provide you with browsing history, search history, shopping cart or order product display services, we will collect your browsing information, search history, shopping cart added products, and order information. 3. Providing you with purchasing services When you are ready to place an order or settle the goods in your shopping cart, we will automatically generate an order for the goods you purchased for you. You need to fill in at least your order contact and contact number, technical contact and contact number, delivery address and mobile phone number in the order. At the same time, the order will state the customer number, order number, the goods or services you purchased, the order time, the amount you should pay and the payment method. We will use the above information to verify identity, confirm transactions, payment settlement, product delivery, order inquiry, customer service consultation and after-sales service functions. We will also use the above information to determine whether there are any abnormalities in your transaction to protect your transaction security. Please note that if you order goods or services for others through our products and/or services, you need to provide the above information of the actual orderer. Before providing us with the above information of the actual orderer, you need to ensure that you have obtained their authorization and consent. 4. Providing you with payment servicesIf you make a payment settlement during our service, you can choose to pay with the prepaid balance, or use the payment service provided by our cooperative third-party payment institutions (including Alipay, WeChat Pay, online banking and other payment channels, hereinafter referred to as "payment institutions"). To help you complete the order payment smoothly, we may upload your payment information (payment amount, payment time, purchase details, order number information), device information, network information, sensor information and application list, and share it with these payment institutions to enable them to confirm your payment instructions and complete the payment. 5. Providing you with prepayment services You can make prepayments in the prepayment system. In order to facilitate your normal use of prepayment and refund functions, we need to collect your transfer information, including: your bank card account name, account number of the bank where you opened the account, and the name of the bank where you opened the account. 6. Providing you with product delivery services After you place an order and complete the payment online or redeem points for physical products, we will collect your order information and delivery information to complete the delivery of the products for you. At the same time, we will share your above information with the relevant service providers mentioned above. 7. Feedback, Complaints and Dispute Resolution In order to provide you with assistance and receive your feedback, complaints and reports, when you contact us or submit feedback, complaints and dispute resolution applications, in order to verify your identity and provide you with feedback,We need you to provide necessary personal information, including the feedback you submit and your name (if any), contact information (mobile phone number, email address), and service records, communications and call records formed accordingly. When it comes to feedback, complaints and reports related to your order information, we may also query your order information. We will send you our important notices through the contact information you provide, including information about the use of services and changes in terms, conditions and policies. Since this information is crucial to the communication between you and us and is also to safeguard your legitimate rights and interests, you may receive such information unless you stop using the product and/or service. 8. Safe operation In order to meet the requirements of laws and regulations such as network security and the needs of network security protection, and to improve the security of your use of products and/or services, protect the personal and property safety of you and third parties or the public from infringement, better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusions and other security risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations, we may use or integrate your device information, service log information and information we obtain from third parties after legal authorization to comprehensively judge your operation risks and prevent security incidents in a timely manner. (1) Device Information In order to ensure the security of our products and/or services and to identify possible risks, when you use our platform, we will collect device information about the device you use, including the unique device identifier (IDFA)., IMEI, Android ID, IMSI), device type, device manufacturer, device model, screen size, system version, browser, MAC address, device location (IP address, GPS location, WiFi information (SSID, BSSID)), mobile operator, network type, and associate these device information. (2) Log information In order to count the user usage of products and/or services and provide you with safe services, when you use this platform, we will automatically collect detailed information about your use of products and/or services and save it as a network log, including your IP location, browser type, telecom operator, network environment, language used, access date and time, and your browsing history of web pages, notification opening history, and length of stay, and save it in accordance with relevant legal requirements. Please note that separate device information, log information, etc. are information that cannot identify a specific natural person. If we combine such non-personal information with other information to identify a specific natural person, or use it in combination with personal information, then during the period of combined use, such non-personal information will be deemed as personal information. Unless otherwise authorized by you or required by laws and regulations, we will desensitize, de-identify/anonymize such personal information. 9. Personal information collected and used without consent as required by lawYou acknowledge and agree that, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, we do not need to obtain your authorization or consent to collect and use personal information in the following circumstances: (1) It is necessary to conclude and perform a contract to which you are a party, or to implement human resources management in accordance with labor rules and regulations formulated in accordance with the law and collective contracts signed in accordance with the law; (2) It is necessary to perform statutory duties or obligations; (3) It is necessary to respond to public health emergencies, or to protect the life, health and property safety of natural persons in an emergency; To process personal information within a reasonable scope for the purpose of news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities in the public interest; To process your personal information that you have disclosed or that has been legally disclosed within a reasonable scope in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, except where it has a significant impact on your personal rights and interests or you have explicitly refused; (6) Other circumstances prescribed by laws and administrative regulations. 10. Copy and paste information When you copy and paste information in the Jiali Chuang Order Assistant App, we will apply to use your clipboard. We only recognize the clipboard content locally and will not upload the information on your clipboard to our servers. When we want to use information for other purposes not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will ask for your consent in advance. At the same time, when we want to use the information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will ask for your consent in advance. 11. Sensor Information In order to provide you with some functions of the Jiali Chuang Order Assistant App, we need to collect your sensor information. For example, in order to use ChromiumWebView component, we need to collect your accelerometer information and share it to Chromium to identify whether the user's screen is rotated and display the App page; for security purposes, we need to collect your accelerometer information to assist in identifying whether it is normal user behavior. (II) Other additional functions 1. Provide you with WeChat account binding service You can bind your account with your WeChat account so that you can quickly log in to your Jialichuang account through WeChat code scanning, or receive order information on Jialichuang's official account. We will collect your WeChat nickname, WeChat OpenID, UnionID and binding time. You can click "WeChat Binding" in the customer information column of the Jialichuang ordering platform to unbind the WeChat account. Failure to bind a WeChat account will not affect your use of the basic functions of our products and services. 2. Provide you with invoicing services To help you issue invoices, we need to collect the invoicing information you actively provide to us, including: invoicing company name/individual name, invoicing entity, address, telephone number, tax number, account number of the bank where the account is opened, and name information of the bank where the account is opened. In addition, in order to deliver your invoice to you, we need to collect your invoice address information, including: invoice recipient, invoice recipient phone number, invoice delivery address information. 3. Provide you with comment publishing and QR code management functions You can choose to publicly publish graphic content through the comment function we provide you, or publish product information through the QR code management function.Please note that the information you publish publicly may involve your or others' personal information or even sensitive personal information, such as when you choose to upload a picture containing personal information when making a comment. Please consider more carefully whether to share or even publicly share relevant information when using our services. If the information you publish publicly involves other people's personal information, you must obtain the consent of others before publishing. 4. Marketing Information We will use your mobile phone number to send you information such as our service updates and event announcements ("marketing information"). We will fill in the unsubscribe option in the marketing information. If you do not want to receive our marketing information, you can unsubscribe at any time according to the prompts in the marketing information, or contact us through the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy. Please note that we do not have personalized recommendations and automated decision-making related content, and will not recommend customized content to you according to your usage habits or preference information or implement unreasonable differential treatment for you. When we want to use information for other purposes not stated in this Privacy Policy, we will ask for your consent in advance. At the same time, when we want to use information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will ask for your consent in advance. III. How we use cookies and similar technologiesJiali Chuang and its third-party partners will automatically collect certain types of usage information when you use our services, read our emails, or otherwise contact us. We usually collect this information through various tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts, location identification technologies, file information and similar technologies (collectively referred to as "tracking technologies"). We send you Cookies to determine the identity and login status of registered users, simplify your repeated login steps, and ensure the security of your account or data; at the same time, we may collect data obtained by Cookies and similar technologies to analyze the user's use of services, improve service quality and optimize the user's experience. We will not use Cookies and similar technologies for any purpose other than the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. You can manage or delete Cookies according to your preferences. Most web browsers automatically accept Cookies, but you can usually clear all Cookies saved on your computer according to your needs, or manage Cookies specific to specific sites in the settings function bar in the browser. However, if you do this, you may need to change the user settings yourself every time you visit Jiali Chuang's website, and the information you have previously recorded will also be deleted, and it may have a certain impact on the security of the services you use.Jiali Chuang may collect information about your device and its software, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type, operating system, date and time stamp (a unique ID that allows us to identify your browser, mobile device or account). We may also collect information about how you use our website. When you visit our website from a mobile device, we may collect a unique identification number associated with your device or our mobile application. We may collect analytical data or use third-party analytical tools to help us measure website traffic and usage trends to understand user demographics. We may also use technologies such as applied statistical modeling tools to enable us to identify and contact you across multiple devices. IV. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information (I) Sharing We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than Jiali Chuang, except in the following circumstances: Sharing with explicit consent: We will share your personal information with other parties after obtaining your explicit consent. We may share your personal information externally in accordance with laws and regulations or in accordance with the mandatory requirements of government authorities. Sharing with our affiliates: Your personal information may be shared with Jiali Chuang's affiliates. We will only share necessary personal information and be subject to the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. If the affiliated company wants to change the purpose of processing personal information, it will seek your authorization and consent again.Sharing with partners: We may share order information, account information, payment information, etc. necessary for providing services to you with our business partners. Our business partners include the following types: (1) Suppliers/service providers. For the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy only, some of our services will be provided by business partners. To ensure the smooth completion of the services provided to you, we may share your personal information with the above partners, including payment services, logistics services, after-sales services, etc. This may include your contact information, order information, payment information, address information, etc., to ensure the smooth completion of the services provided to you. (2) Other business partners. We may also share information with partners who entrust us to conduct promotion and advertising, but we will only provide these partners with information such as the coverage, effectiveness and statistics of the promotion, and will not provide personal information that can identify you; (3) Suppliers, service providers and other partners. We may share minimal information with suppliers, service providers and other partners who support our business, including providing technical infrastructure services on behalf of us, analyzing the use of our services, measuring the effectiveness of services, and providing customer service. We will conduct strict security monitoring of the application programming interface (API), software development kit (SDK) and information system that authorize partners to obtain relevant information. (4)Based on your separate consent. We will share with other third parties if we obtain your separate consent again (including but not limited to signing other agreements); (5) Based on social public interests in accordance with laws and regulations. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary to provide services. Our partners have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with all companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to process personal information in accordance with our instructions, this Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. In order to provide you with our products or services, we may need to entrust the above-mentioned affiliated companies or partners to process and share your personal information. For information on the processing and sharing of your personal information by Jialiken and third parties, please see the "List of Personal Information Shared by Jialiken and Third Parties". (II) Transfer We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances: Transfer with explicit consent: We will transfer your personal information to other parties after obtaining your explicit consent; In the event of a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if personal information transfer is involved, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy, otherwise we will require the company or organization to re-ask your authorization and consent. (III) Public DisclosureWe will only disclose your personal information publicly under the following circumstances: After obtaining your explicit consent; Disclosure based on law: We may disclose your personal information to the above-mentioned regulatory authorities when required by law, legal procedures, litigation or government authorities. According to legal provisions, the sharing and transfer of personal information that has been anonymized, and ensuring that the data recipient cannot restore and re-identify the subject of the personal information, does not constitute external sharing, transfer and public disclosure of personal information, and the preservation and processing of such data will not require separate notification to you and your consent. Please note that the information you voluntarily publish or even publicly share when using products and/or services may involve your or others' personal information or even sensitive personal information. Please consider more carefully when using products and/or services whether you want to publish or even share the relevant information publicly. V. How we protect your personal information 1. Data security technical measuresTo ensure the security of your information, we will take various reasonable physical, electronic and management security measures to protect your information so that your information will not be leaked, damaged or lost, including but not limited to SSL, information encryption storage, data center access control, dedicated network channels and agents. We have also taken strict management of employees who may have access to your information, including but not limited to taking different authority controls according to different positions, signing confidentiality agreements with them, monitoring relevant operations and other measures. We will provide corresponding security measures according to existing technologies to protect your information and provide reasonable security guarantees. We will try our best at any time to prevent your information from being leaked, damaged or lost. 2. Security Certification We are committed to providing all-round protection for your information security. At present, Jialichuang's core portal has passed the Ministry of Public Security's information system level 3 protection certification. In addition, Jialichuang designs information security policies and procedures in accordance with international standards, and regularly passes third-party audits to verify the effectiveness of security measures. It has obtained international standard ISO/IEC 27001:2022 information security management system and ISO/IEC 27701:2019 privacy information management system dual certification to ensure the security of your personal information. However, please be aware and understand that the Internet is not an absolutely safe environment. We strongly recommend that you use secure methods and complex passwords to help us ensure the security of your account.If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially if your account or password has been leaked, please contact us immediately according to the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy so that we can take appropriate measures. 3. Guarantee of cooperation agreement with third parties Before we share your personal information with other third parties, we will strictly require the third party to assume information protection obligations and responsibilities. To this end, we will require the third party to sign a data processing agreement before cooperation or list the relevant data protection clauses in the cooperation agreement signed by both parties. The agreement strictly stipulates that the third party's confidentiality obligations for user information, including the storage, use and circulation of information, should meet our control requirements and accept our review, supervision and audit. Once there is any violation, we will require the other party to bear the corresponding legal liability. 4. Personal information security incidents After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, your suggestions for self-prevention and risk reduction, and your remedial measures. We will promptly inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will take reasonable and effective ways to issue an announcement. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities. VI. How do we store your personal information? Storage location.In principle, the personal information we collect and generate within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within China, except in the following circumstances: where clearly provided for by laws and regulations; with your separate authorization and consent. In the above circumstances, we will and require the data recipient to process personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and other relevant security and confidentiality measures. Storage period. We promise to retain your personal information only for the minimum period required to achieve the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, unless there are mandatory retention requirements by law (for example, the "E-Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China" requires that product and service information and transaction information be retained for no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction; and other purposes such as finance, auditing, and dispute resolution that require a reasonable extension of the period). After your personal information exceeds the retention period, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws. Discontinuation of operations of products and/or services. If a product and/or service ceases to operate, we will inform you of such circumstances and stop collecting your personal information in a timely manner, delete the collected personal information or anonymize it, or, when anonymization or deletion is not possible (for example, your personal information has been stored in a backup), securely store your personal information and separate it from other data processing to limit any further processing of it, unless otherwise provided by laws, regulations or regulatory documents.We attach great importance to your concern about personal information, and do our best to protect your rights to access, correct, copy, delete and withdraw consent to your personal information, so that you have sufficient ability to protect your privacy and security. Your rights include: 1. Access and correct your personal information. Except as provided by laws and regulations, you have the right to access and correct your personal information at any time. We provide you with channels to access and correct your information in the specific interface of the product and/or service. You can also request access to your personal information by sending an email to the person in charge of personal information protection stated in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy. If you find that your personal information collected, stored, used, and disclosed by us is incorrect or incomplete, or if you encounter difficulties in exercising the above rights, you can contact us through the methods described in "How to Contact Us" of this Privacy Policy. Unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations or otherwise agreed in this Privacy Policy, we will respond to your request in a timely manner after verifying your identity. 2. Deleting your personal information You may request us to delete your personal information in the following circumstances: (1) If our processing of your personal information violates laws and regulations; (2) If we collect and use your personal information without your consent; (3) If our processing of your personal information violates our agreement with you; (4) If you no longer use our products or services, or you cancel your account; (5) If we no longer provide you with products or services.If you intend to delete, you have the right to send an email to the personal information protection officer specified in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy, make a request or consultation to delete personal information, and contact us for deletion (except where data has been anonymized or otherwise provided by laws and regulations). Unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations or otherwise agreed in this Privacy Policy, we will respond to your request in a timely manner after verifying your identity. Please note that after you successfully cancel your Jialichuang account, we will delete or anonymize your personal information. When you delete the relevant information on your own or with our assistance, due to applicable laws and security technology restrictions, we may not be able to immediately delete the corresponding information from the system. We will safely store your personal information and limit any further processing of it until it can be deleted or anonymized. 3. Withdrawal of consent Some of the functions in our products and/or services may require your authorization to be implemented. Please understand that each service function requires some necessary personal information to be completed. When you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services and functions corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, and will no longer process your corresponding personal information. You can change the scope of your authorization or withdraw your authorization. You can do so through the "How to Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy.” to withdraw your authorization. After withdrawing the authorization, we will no longer collect information related to these authorizations. However, after you withdraw your consent or authorization, we may no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization. At the same time, you know and understand that we will continue to store or disclose the personal information provided before you withdraw your consent or authorization in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and this Privacy Policy. 4. Account Cancellation If you want to cancel your registered Jialichuang account, you can go to the official website "Customer Information-Security Center-Account Cancellation", or go to the App "My-Settings-Cancellation". You can also contact us in the manner specified in "How to Contact Us" of this Privacy Policy, provide proof of identity and indicate the cancelled customer number and associated mobile phone number, and we will process it for you within 15 days. Account cancellation may result in the removal of all your data and information and it cannot be restored; but in certain circumstances, such as reasonably necessary to fulfill our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, we will retain anonymous information that cannot identify individuals after cancellation. For details about the method, conditions and consequences of your account cancellation, please refer to "Jialichuang Account Cancellation Agreement" After you cancel your account, we will stop providing you with products and/or services and delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with applicable laws. 5. Obtain a copy of your personal information You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information. You can do so through the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.Contact us in the manner specified in the Privacy Policy to request us to provide it. Under the premise of technical feasibility, such as data interface matching, we can also directly transfer a copy of your personal information to a third party designated by you at your request. 6. Terms of Personal Information of the Deceased If a user unfortunately passes away, his or her next of kin can contact us through the official website customer service or the method specified in "How to Contact Us" of this Privacy Policy to obtain relevant guidance to exercise the legal and legitimate rights and interests stipulated by law. 7. Respond to your above-mentioned rights requests For security reasons, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. In principle, we do not charge fees for your reasonable requests, but for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the circumstances. We may reject requests that are repeated without reason, require too many technical means (for example, the need to develop a new system or fundamentally change current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very impractical (for example, involving information stored on backup tapes). 8. Exceptions to responding to your rights requests Despite the above agreement, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, we may not be able to respond to your request in the following circumstances: (1) related to our performance of obligations prescribed by laws and regulations; (2) directly related to national security or national defense security; (3) directly related to public safety, public health, or major public interests; (4)Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment; (5) We have sufficient evidence to show that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights; (6) For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' major legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person concerned; (7) Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations; (8) Involving commercial secrets. VIII. Other Third Parties and Their Services Our services may contain links to and from third parties directly related to our business partners, advertisers and social media sites. In addition, our users may post links to third-party websites. If you follow a link to any website, please note that these third parties and their services have their own privacy policies, and we are not responsible for their policies or websites and do not assume any legal liability. We strongly recommend that you read their privacy policies, terms and conditions of use to understand how they collect, use and share personal information. IX. Protection of MinorsOur services are mainly for adults aged 18 or above with full civil rights and conduct capacity (except for those aged 16 or above who have full civil rights and conduct capacity and whose main source of income is their own labor income). We do not provide services to children under the age of 14 (inclusive). In addition, minors under the age of 18 should obtain the consent of their parents or other guardians before using our products and/or services. We will protect the relevant information of minors in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of the country. In the case of collecting personal information of minors with the consent of their parents or guardians to use our services, we will only use, share, transfer or disclose this information when permitted by laws and regulations, with the explicit consent of parents or guardians, or when it is necessary to protect minors. If we find that we have collected personal information of minors without obtaining the prior consent of verifiable parents or legal guardians, we will try to delete the relevant personal information as soon as possible. X. Changes to this Privacy Policy We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our business and international compliance requirements. We will send updated versions on the website and mobile terminal and remind you of updates to relevant content before they take effect through push messages, in-site messages, red dot prompts or other methods. Please visit in time to understand the latest privacy policy.For major changes, we will also provide more prominent notices (including for certain services, we will send notifications through pop-ups or emails to explain the specific changes to the privacy policy). Major changes referred to in this privacy policy include but are not limited to: Major changes in products and/or service models. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way personal information is used, etc.; Major changes in our ownership structure, organizational structure, etc. Such as changes in owners caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy and mergers and acquisitions, etc.; Changes in the main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure; Major changes in your rights to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise them; When our responsible department, contact information and complaint channels for handling personal information security change; When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates a high risk. If you continue to use any of our services or access related products after the privacy policy is adjusted or changed, we will regard you as having fully read, understood and accepted the revised privacy policy and be bound by it. XI. How to Contact Us If you have any questions, comments or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy or matters related to your personal information, or complaints, reports, you can contact us in the following ways: Contact email: privacy@sz-jlc.com Contact address: 27th Floor, Olympic Building, Shangbao East Road, Futian District, ShenzhenWe will review the issues involved as soon as possible and respond within 15 days. If we are unable to respond to your request, we will send you a notice and explain the reasons within the time limit required by law. If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our processing of personal information has damaged your legal rights and interests, you can also file a lawsuit with the People's Court of Futian District, Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province.