Service Policy Service Terms Privacy Statement Security Statement The right to confirm the terms of service (hereinafter referred to as "these terms of service") of the panasonic.cn website (hereinafter referred to as "this website") of Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Panasonic Electric (China)") and the ownership and operation rights of various electronic services of this website belong to Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Panasonic Electric (China)"). This website will provide services in accordance with the relevant terms and regulations published by it. Once the user registration process is completed on this website, or general users obtain product information from this website, it means that you have fully agreed to these terms of service. 1. Service Overview This website uses its own operating system to provide network services to users through the international Internet. There are mainly the following aspects: (1) Provide users with various information about Panasonic and its products through the network service system from time to time; (2) Send users promotions, discounts or other related commercial service information of Panasonic products through the network service system from time to time; (3) Organize relevant online and offline activities for users; (4) Provide users with other related services of Panasonic products. 2. User information registration This website fully respects the user's independent decision whether to register their identity. In order to ensure that users can accurately use the network services provided by this website and enjoy various discounts, users who register on this website should: (1) Provide the user's true, correct, latest and complete personal information according to the prompts in the registration form.(2) Update the registration information in a timely manner to ensure that it is true, correct, up-to-date and complete. This website is not responsible for the inability to obtain information, gifts and other services from this website due to the user's incorrect, false, outdated or incomplete registration information. At the same time, this website reserves the right to terminate the user's qualification and delete the user's personal information at any time. 3. Protection of User Privacy Respecting and protecting the user's personal privacy is a basic policy of this website. Therefore, as a supplement to the above point 2 "User Information Registration", this website will take all appropriate technical and organizational measures to prevent the user's registration information from being obtained or used by any unauthorized third party. In principle, this website will not disclose the user's registration information to any third party unless: (1) the user authorizes this website to disclose this information; (2) the corresponding laws or judicial procedures require this website to provide the user's registration information; (3) the relevant business needs of Panasonic Electric (China) and its affiliated companies (such as joint venture factories); (4) the business needs of a third party with which Panasonic Electric (China) has business cooperation, but the third party must promise to comply with all obligations regarding the user privacy protection system in these Terms of Service. 4. About Copyright The copyright of this website and all works including articles, photos, images, software, music, audio, video, etc. published on this website (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Content") belongs to Panasonic Electric (China), the original author, or other right owners.Except for printing and saving for personal use and other cases permitted by copyright law, the copying, public dissemination, modification, deletion and reproduction of the contents of this website are prohibited under the Chinese Copyright Law, Japanese Copyright Law, international conventions and other copyright laws without the prior permission of the copyright owner (Panasonic (China), original author, other right holder). Therefore, please obtain the permission of Panasonic (China) in advance. However, Panasonic (China) may refuse to allow the use of the content at its discretion. When using the content with the permission of Panasonic (China), please indicate the copyright notice specified by Panasonic (China). The copyright notice may not be changed or deleted without the prior consent of Panasonic (China). 5. About Trademarks The rights of the trademarks, logos and product names posted on this website belong to Panasonic (China) or the respective right holders. Except for cases permitted by the Trademark Law and other laws, the Trademark Law and other laws prohibit the use of the above trademarks, logos and product names without the permission of Panasonic (China) or the respective right holders. Therefore, please obtain the permission of Panasonic (China) or the respective right holders in advance. 6. Username, Password and Security Once a user successfully registers, his/her registration information will become all the information of the unique user. The user should keep his/her username and password properly, and shall not transfer or grant them to others for use, and shall be responsible for all activities conducted under his/her username.The user agrees that if any illegal use of the user name or security loopholes are found, the website should be notified immediately. 7. Storage and restrictions on user information This website is not responsible for the deletion or storage failure of information posted by users. This website does not review the content posted by users and is not responsible for such content. However, it reserves the right to judge whether the user's behavior complies with the requirements and spirit of the website's terms of service; if the user violates the provisions of the terms of service, the website has the right to interrupt the provision of network services to the user. 8. User management The user's use of the services provided by this website must comply with Chinese laws, regulations, relevant international conventions and these terms of service, and must also comply with network protocols, regulations, procedures and practices related to the international Internet. The user shall be fully responsible for his or her behavior (such as uploaded content, etc.) during the use of network services.Users must promise not to transmit any illegal, harassing, defamatory, insulting, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene information or materials; not to transmit any information that instigates others to commit crimes; not to transmit information that promotes domestic adverse conditions and involves national security; not to transmit any information that does not comply with local regulations, national laws and international laws; not to interfere with or disrupt network services; not to use network services for any illegal purposes. Unauthorized access to other computer systems is prohibited. If the user's behavior violates the above commitment, this website will make an independent judgment and immediately cancel the registered user's service account. If the user disseminates and spreads reactionary, pornographic or other information that violates national laws on this website, the system records of this website may be used as evidence of the user's violation of the law. 9. About website interlinking This website is not limited to profit, non-profit, Internet or intranet. According to all the terms of use stipulated in this website, links can be made (including magazines, books, etc. that publish the URL of this website). In particular, please confirm and comply with the prohibited behaviors in item 8 above and the matters stipulated below. There is no need to contact us when linking. (A third-party website other than our company that links to this website or this website is referred to as a "linked website.")The linked sites are managed and operated by the operators of each linked site and are not under our control. Please use the linked sites in accordance with the terms of use disclosed on each linked site. The Company is not responsible for the content of the linked sites, nor does it assume any responsibility for any losses, complaints or other claims, including any compensation for losses caused by third parties arising from the use of these sites. In addition, any special relationship such as cooperation does not exist between the Company and the linked sites. 10. About the use of Google Analytics In order to analyze and improve the website, this website uses Google Analytics as a tool to analyze customer visits. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect logs, but does not include personally identifiable information. Google Analytics uses Coogle Analytics to collect logs. About Google Analytics advertising features This website enables Google Analytics advertising features and uses the following features: In order to improve advertising and websites, we use third-party cookies such as DoubleClick Cookie. Google Analytics user distribution and interaction category reports, this website uses Google AnalyticsCookies can be used to analyze trends such as age, gender, and interest in our products. If you do not want to use the "Google Analytics Advertising Features", you can disable tracking through configuration. You can easily disable the Google Analytics Optout Add-on by installing the Google Analytics Optout Add-on on your browser. 11. System Requirements If you use this website, we recommend using the latest versions of Internet Explorer, Chrome, and Safari. Some browsers and applications may display your terminal settings unexpectedly. About the https page browsing environment As part of the website security protection, our websites are gradually implementing SSL (*1) and applying the latest versions of SSL/TLS (*2). As a result, some browsers may have display problems. Please check the usage environment of your computer or mobile phone and change the settings if necessary. (*1) Always SSL refers to a secure method that converts all pages on the website to https (encrypted communication). (*2) SSL/TLS is a communication encryption scheme. 12. Guarantee You agree to protect and defend the interests of all members of this website and be responsible for paying attorney fees and compensation for damages caused by users' use beyond the scope of service, as well as for violations of the terms of service.13. Modification of the Terms of Service and Limitation of Liability This website has the right to modify the Terms of Service when necessary without announcing it to users. If users disagree with the changes, they can voluntarily stop using the network services they have obtained. If users continue to enjoy the network services, they will be deemed to have accepted the changes in the Terms of Service. This website reserves the right to modify, suspend or interrupt the services at any time without notifying users. This website does not need to be responsible to users or third parties when exercising the right to modify, suspend or interrupt the services. This website does not guarantee that the services provided to users are continuous, accurate or timely, that defects will be corrected, or that the services or servers provided are free from viruses or other harmful components. 14. Termination of Service This website promises to do its utmost to maintain the normal operation of the network services of this website, and reserves the right to interrupt one or more network services according to actual circumstances. This website does not need to be responsible to any individual or third party for interrupting the service at any time. If users have objections to the subsequent changes in the terms or are dissatisfied with the services of this website, they can exercise the following rights: (1) Stop using the network services of this website. (2) Notify this website to stop serving the user. 15. Notices All notices sent to users can be published or sent through website pages, emails or regular mail. Notices of changes to the terms of service, service changes, or other important events will be made in this form. 16. LegalThis service agreement is consistent with the legal interpretation of the People's Republic of China. Users and this website agree to accept the jurisdiction of the laws of the People's Republic of China. If the service agreement of this website conflicts with the laws of the People's Republic of China, these terms will be reinterpreted in full accordance with the law. Other terms will continue to have legal effect and influence on users. 17. Solemn statement: For product improvement, the specifications, design and color listed on this page are subject to change without prior notice. Please refer to the final product. The final right of interpretation of this service agreement belongs to Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd.