User Privacy Protection Policy Version Number: 2023.V1.31 Version Update Date: June 26, 2024 Version Effective Date: July 3, 2024 Dear user (hereinafter referred to as "you"), we are fully aware of the importance of personal information to you, and thank you for your trust in us. Shanghai Paipaidai Financial Information Services Co., Ltd. and its affiliates (for a specific list of affiliates, please see Article 11 of the Appendix "List of Affiliated Companies", hereinafter referred to as "we" or "Paipaidai") also attach great importance to your privacy protection and confidentiality of personal information. Through this policy, we will explain to you how Paipaidai will collect, store, protect, use and provide your information to the outside, and explain your rights. This policy applies to your access to and use of Paipaidai's services in any way.This policy applies to all products and services of Paipaidai. Paipaidai does not provide loan services to students or minors. Please make sure that you are 18 years of age or older and not a student before using Paipaidai related products and services. If you are a student or a minor, please stop using our loan services immediately. Certain specific products and/or services will also be subject to specific privacy policies. We will explain before providing you with these specific products and/or services. If there is any inconsistency with this policy, the privacy policy of the specific product and/or service shall prevail. Unless otherwise expressly stated in this policy, this privacy policy does not apply to products and/or services independently provided to you by a third party through our products and/or services. The products or websites we display to you on the website, Paipaidai loan APP, and Paipaidai preferred loan mini program may contain links to other third-party websites and H5 functions. Please note that if you provide your information to a third party when you access or use its products and/or services through these links, your information shall be subject to the privacy statement or similar policy of the third party. At the same time, we recommend that you carefully understand the privacy protection policy of the third party. Please read this policy carefully (especially the bold and underlined content) and fully understand the entire content of this policy before registering, logging in and using our services:According to the Regulations on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information for Common Types of Mobile Internet Applications, Paipaidai is an online lending app, and its basic functional service is "personal loan application services for consumption and daily production and operation turnover realized through the Internet platform". Under this function, necessary personal information includes: registered user's mobile phone number, borrower's name, ID type and number, ID validity period, and bank card number. Your agreement to this policy only means that you have understood the functions provided by the application and agree that we will process your necessary personal information as described in this policy. It does not mean that you have agreed that we can collect non-essential personal information. Non-essential personal information will be separately obtained from you based on your use of the functions of this application. The corresponding device permissions will not be enabled by default. When it involves important or sensitive device permissions, we will open them after obtaining your consent again in a pop-up window when you use the corresponding business functions; after the permissions are enabled, you can also close the permissions at any time through the device settings; if you do not agree to enable the permissions, it will not affect the normal use of other non-related business functions. For personal sensitive information, we will process it after obtaining your consent separately. If you reject this policy, you can still use the basic browsing functions without registration/login. You can also authorize separately during the subsequent use of the service. If you or your guardian disagree with any of the contents of this policy, you should stop using it immediately. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, you can contact us in the following ways: Contact number: 95065Registered address/usual office address: No. 20, Lane 999, Dangui Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone Email: privacy@ppdai.com This privacy policy will help you understand the following: 1. How we collect and use your personal information 2. How we use Cookie technology and third-party plug-ins 3. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information 4. How we store and protect your personal information 5. Your rights 6. How we protect the personal information of minors 7. Notices and revisions 8. How to contact us 9. Glossary 10. Self-start and associated startup instructions 11. List of third-party SDKs 12. List of affiliated companies 1. How we collect and use your personal information We follow the principles of legitimacy, legality, and necessity, and collect and use your personal information that you actively provide during the use of Ppdai products and services, generated by the use of Ppdai products and services related functions, and obtained from third parties for the following purposes described in this policy. If personal sensitive information is involved, we will confirm with you again before collection. (I) How we collect your information 1. Browsing If you have not registered/logged in to the Ppdai loan APP, you can choose the browsing mode. In browsing mode, Paipaidai does not collect any of your information, but the third-party SDKs embedded in the App (Ali SDK, Tingyun SDK, Sensors SDK, Disk LRU CacheSDK) may trigger device information acquisition (including acquisition through shell commands) to read and write external storage data, and obtain network information, but we will not obtain any permissions. When you view the privacy agreement, the chromium component of the Android device system browser may trigger the acquisition of Android_ID, BSSID, SSID, Mac address, network device manufacturer, CountryIso national identification code, network information, and modify system settings, but we will not collect the aforementioned information. After you confirm that you agree to this policy, the following SDKs will start preheating: Tianyi One-Click Login SDK, Xiaomi Push SDK (Android devices only), Huawei Push SDK (Android devices only), Getui Push SDK (Android devices only), VIVO Push SDK (Android devices only). We will call notification permissions to send you relevant reminders, information and message notifications. You can manage the notification permissions you authorize us through the Paipaidai Loan APP "My-Account Settings-Privacy Settings-Notification Permissions". 2. Account registration and login (1) Scope of required information and non-required informationRequired information: When you register/log in to a Paipaidai account, if you register/log in using an account password, mobile phone number, and SMS verification code, you need to provide us with your username, mobile phone number, login password, and SMS verification code. For example, you need to provide an SMS verification code when using quick login; if you log in using the "one-click login with local number" method, in order to determine the type of operator under the "one-click login with local number" service, and your device is iOS, we will collect the necessary device information, namely MCC and MNC. If you refuse to provide this information, you will not be able to register/log in to a Paipaidai account. To protect the security of user accounts, when we identify that the mobile phone number you use to register or log in to your account has a risk of being released twice, we will provide your mobile phone number and account registration/login time to the communications operator for a secondary number check to protect the security of your account. Non-Required Information: During the first use of the Paipaidai website, client (Paipaidai loan APP), Paipaidai preferred loan app, and related services, we will access or collect one or more pieces of hardware and software information sent to us by your computer, mobile phone, and other access devices. You may need to authorize us to obtain your commonly used device and network information (SIM card serial number, Android device Android ID, etc.).ID, MAC address, IP address, device IMEI, WiFi SSID, WiFi BSSID, Bluetooth Mac address, device IMSI, device serial number, supplementary device identifier OAID, iOS device base station information MCC and MNC, iOS device advertising tracking ID, iOS device application developer identifier), installed application information, software list or running process information, so that we can identify your personal frequently used device, determine whether the device is a simulator, conduct anti-fraud risk assessment, and improve your account security. The above is non-essential information. You can refuse the above authorization, but you may not be able to obtain lending, credit assessment services or functions, or fail to achieve the intended effect of the relevant services. In order to facilitate your participation in activities by copying relevant activity information and improve user experience, such as jumping to the Paipaidai WeChat official account (Android only) and sharing articles in the Paipaidai loan app by copying links, we need to obtain write permission for your clipboard. In order to provide you with more accurate services, we will contact you through China Advertising Association Advertising Information Culture Communication Co., Ltd. (Contact: 400-919-8880) CAIDThe API obtains your CAID. If you do not want to provide this permission, you can choose to turn it off. You can turn it off through the APP "My" - "Account Settings" - "Privacy Settings". When you register and log in to a Paipaidai account, you can complete your relevant identity identification information (avatar, email address) by yourself. (2) Sensitive permissions retrieved We collect the above device information and will call your corresponding device permissions. If you refuse the system to call device permissions, we will not be able to collect the above corresponding information. (3) Third-party SDKs used If you choose to use the "one-click login with local number" service, we will implement it through the Tianyi one-click login SDK. These SDKs will collect your device information ICCID, IMEI, IMSI, IP, operator name, and operator code for operator authentication and login. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use the "one-click login with local number" service, but you can choose to use the above other login methods to log in. 3. Loan services (1) Scope of required information and non-required information 1) Real-name verificationRequired information: When you open the Paipaidai lending service, you need to conduct real-name verification. We will collect your name, mobile phone number, ID card number, ID card photo, and face photo, and verify the information through telecommunications, public security, banking channels, and third-party institutions (Tencent Cloud Computing (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Beijing Megvii Technology Co., Ltd., Beijing Volcano Engine Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai Hehe Information Technology Co., Ltd.). For specific facial information authorization, please refer to the "Facial Information Use Authorization"; when opening the lending service, you need to bind your bank account, and we will collect your bank reserved mobile phone number, bank card number, account opening bank information, and SMS verification code; in order to provide you with bank card binding, deduction, and withdrawal functions, we and/or our entrusted third-party payment institutions need to collect your bank card information, including your name, ID card number, bank reserved mobile phone number, bank card number, bank card validity period, and SMS verification code. This is to meet the provisions of the "Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China" on customer identity identification and anti-money laundering. At the same time, your bank account information will also be provided to external partners for risk control. The specific external partners are partners who have reached a capital loan agreement with you. If you do not provide the above required information, you will not be able to borrow, deduct or withdraw money. We will also use the above information to assess your creditworthiness and to query the company information of your legal representative, shareholders and senior managers as well as the tax information of the corresponding company.When you apply for PpDai to assess your loan limit, you will need to provide your personal information for credit approval. You need to provide the following required information: highest education, occupation, average monthly income, emergency contact information, marital status, children's status, vehicle information, real estate information, and part or all of the third-party credit information. We will verify the above information to assess the user's credit risk and grant the corresponding loan limit; at the same time, you authorize us to send SMS reminders and phone calls to the contact information you provided in emergency situations such as the borrower's loss of contact or overdue; and report abnormal transactions to financial regulatory authorities and credit reporting agencies in accordance with the law. If you do not provide the above information, it will not affect your normal use of the PpDai platform functions that are not related to the loan limit. Non-essential information: email, address book, call history, geographic location information, application installation list information, SIM card serial number, Android ID of Android devices, MAC address, IP address, IMEI of devices, WiFi SSID, WiFi BSSID, Bluetooth Mac address, device IMSI, device serial number, supplementary device identifier OAID, base station information MCC and MNC of iOS devices, iOS device advertising tracking ID, iOS device application developer identifier 3) Loan limit increase serviceWhen you need to increase the loan limit on the Paipaidai platform, you can further provide personal information for credit certification. You can provide other personal information for credit enhancement certification and provide the following non-essential information: If you choose to conduct higher education student status certification, you need to independently obtain and submit the "Online Verification Report of Student Status of the Ministry of Education" (due to technical issues, currently only reports issued by the China Higher Education Student Information and Career Center Network are supported). Submitting the certification is deemed to agree to authorize us to use the information in the report for your personal credit assessment. If you choose Taobao certification, you need to log in to your Taobao account on your own. Clicking "Agree" or "Complete Certification" is deemed to agree to authorize us to use the Tmall points and Taobao points in your Taobao account for your personal credit assessment. If you choose JD.com certification, you need to log in to your JD.com account on your own. Clicking "Agree" or "Complete Certification" is deemed to agree to authorize us to use the Xiaobai member information, Xiaobai compliance points, and Jingxiang points in your JD.com account for your personal credit assessment. If you choose work certification, you need to fill in your occupation information, industry type, average monthly income, years of work, work unit name, work unit phone number, work unit address, position, title, year of start of work, and work unit zip code for your personal credit assessment. If you choose vehicle certification, you need to fill in the brand of the vehicle you purchased, the total amount of the vehicle purchased, and the monthly car loan for your personal credit assessment. If you choose housing certification, you need to fill in the household registration type, permanent address, housing type, house area, total purchase amount, number of years of purchase, and monthly mortgage for your personal credit assessment. If you choose income and debt certification/economic status certification, you need to fill in your personal annual total income, personal income source, amount of each income source, family annual total income, family annual income source, monthly repayment of car loan and mortgage, monthly repayment of business loan, and monthly repayment of other loans for your personal credit assessment. If you choose real estate certificate certification, you need to upload a photo of your real estate certificate/real estate certificate. We will identify the real estate certificate number, real estate unit number, property owner, shared situation, house location, building area, right type, nature of right, registration time, term of use, and other rights on your certificate photo for your personal credit assessment. If you choose to fill in educational information, you need to fill in educational background, graduation school, and graduation year for your personal credit assessment. If you choose enterprise certification or individual business certification, you need to upload a photo of your business license. We will identify the unified social credit code, company name, company type, legal representative, registered capital, establishment date, business term, business scope, and residence on your license photo for your personal and corporate credit assessment. If you choose Sesame certification, you need to upload a screenshot of the Sesame Credit page and a screenshot of the Alipay personal account page. We will identify your Sesame Credit score, Alipay account, and real name for your personal credit assessment. If you choose Huabei certification, you need to upload a screenshot of the Huabei credit limit page and a screenshot of the Alipay personal account page. We will identify your Huabei available credit limit, Huabei total credit limit, Alipay account, and real name for your personal credit. If you choose Huabei certification, you need to upload a screenshot of the Huabei credit limit page, a screenshot of the Alipay personal account page, and a screenshot of the Alipay bank card page. We will identify your Huabei available credit limit, Huabei total credit limit, Alipay account, real name, number of Alipay bank cards, and Alipay bank card information for your personal credit assessment. If you choose Jiebei authentication, you need to upload screenshots of Jiebei homepage, Alipay personal account page and Alipay bank card page. We will identify your Jiebei available credit limit, Jiebei total credit limit, Alipay account, real name, number of Alipay bank cards and Alipay bank card information for your personal credit assessment. If you choose "360 IOU" APP screenshot authentication, you need to upload screenshots of 360 IOU homepage and 360 IOU personal account page. We will identify your 360 IOU credit limit, interest rate, account page mask name or mobile phone number for your personal credit assessment. If you choose "Youqianhua" APP screenshot authentication, you need to upload screenshots of Youqianhua homepage and Youqianhua personal account page. We will identify your Youqianhua credit limit, interest rate, account page mask name or mobile phone number for your personal credit assessment. If you choose personal income tax authentication, you need to upload screenshots of income tax details and personal center page. We will identify your total income, total declared tax amount, name, masked mobile phone number for your personal credit assessment. If you choose vehicle driving license authentication, you need to upload a photo of your driving license. We will identify your license plate number, vehicle owner, vehicle identification code, brand model, address, engine number, vehicle type, and usage nature for your personal credit assessment. If you choose passport authentication, you need to upload a passport photo. We will identify your name and other information in the picture for your personal credit assessment. If you choose housing provident fund authentication, you need to upload a screenshot of the national housing provident fund homepage on Alipay and a screenshot of the national housing provident fund my page. We will identify your provident fund balance, latest deposit amount, latest withdrawal amount, deposit status, name, deposit unit, deposit base and deposit ratio for your personal credit assessment. If you choose marriage certificate authentication, you need to upload a screenshot of the marriage certificate homepage. We will identify your name, ID number and your spouse's name and ID number for your personal credit assessment. If you choose Alipay personal bill authentication, you need to upload your personal Alipay bill flow to the email address provided by Paipaidai. We will parse your bill information through your ID number, identify your name, ID number, and transaction flow for your personal credit assessment.If you choose WeChat personal bill authentication, you need to upload your personal WeChat bill flow to the email address provided by Paipaidai. We will ask you for the 6-digit decompression code provided by WeChat. The user will parse your bill information and identify your name, ID number, and transaction flow for your personal credit assessment. If you choose WeChat payment score screenshot authentication, you need to upload the WeChat payment score page and understand the score details screenshot. We will identify your provident fund WeChat payment score, update time, on-time payment record, pending payment record, and ongoing record for your personal credit assessment. Before collecting the above information from you, we ask you to read and pay attention to the relevant instructions or agreements. You can choose not to provide the above information, which will not affect your normal use of the Paipaidai platform functions that are not related to the loan limit. 4) Apply for loan services When you apply to submit a loan demand through the Paipaidai platform, you need to provide necessary information: the purpose of the loan and the source of repayment. We will follow up and verify whether the loan is used for consumption, whether the source of repayment funds is legal, and whether you have fulfilled the compliance obligations required by financial supervision based on this information. If you refuse the above information, you will not be able to apply for a loan through the Paipaidai platform. (2) Sensitive permissions retrieved When we collect the above information, we may call your camera permissions, location permissions, call log permissions, device permissions, and address book permissions. If you refuse the system to call the relevant permissions, we will not be able to collect the above corresponding information. (3) Third-party SDKs usedWe will implement the ID card recognition function through Tencent Cloud SDK; we will implement the face recognition function through FACE++ liveness detection SDK. If you refuse, you will not be able to implement face recognition; we will implement the WeChat and Alipay repayment functions through WeChat Payment SDK, CICC Payment SDK, and Alipay Payment SDK respectively. If you refuse, you will not be able to use WeChat or Alipay to repay, but you can use other methods to repay. 4. Other services (1) Scope of required information and non-required information 1) Loan product services Required information: When you use the loan product services of the PpDai platform, when you activate the third-party loan product services, functions, and settings of the platform’s cooperation, you must complete the real-name authentication for the compliance requirements of Internet loans, and once you activate or use the service, it means that you authorize PpDai to verify your name, ID number, and mobile phone number with the partner and service provider for service access to confirm that PpDai and the third party can provide relevant services or products to users. 2) Promotional servicesRequired information: When you use promotional services such as bargaining for interest-free, invitation to make money, and WeChat credit increase, you need to provide or authorize us to access your WeChat user name, WeChat avatar, recipient's name, recipient's mobile phone number, and recipient's detailed address. If you do not use the above business functions, you do not need to provide relevant personal information. Please note: The content and information (such as photos and information about your social activities) that you authorize to access, provide, upload (Android only) or publish will be strictly protected by us. Non-essential information: When you use the call charge function, in order to quickly fill in your phone number, authorize us to access your address book. 3) Other tools or services If you use the vehicle evaluation tool, you need to provide the following required information: the model, registration time, mileage, and registration city of the vehicle to be evaluated. We will evaluate the current value of your vehicle based on the information you provide. If you use the house evaluation tool, you need to provide the following required information: the city, community, floor, area, and apartment type of the house to be evaluated. We will evaluate the current value of your house based on the information you provide. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to use the vehicle or house evaluation tools, but it will not affect your normal use of the PpDai platform functions that are not related to vehicle and house evaluation. 4) Modify mobile phone number If you need to modify your reserved mobile phone number, in order to ensure the security of your account and prevent financial risks, you need to provide the necessary information: new mobile phone number, original account mobile phone number, original account ID information, face information, and SMS verification code.5) Retrieve password If you forget your password and need to retrieve it, you need to provide the required information, i.e. the bank card number, name, ID number, reserved mobile phone number, SMS verification code, new password, and confirm password, if you use the mobile phone number to retrieve it, you need to provide the required information, i.e. the registered mobile phone number, SMS verification code, new password, and confirm password; if you use the email to reset it, you need to provide the required information, i.e. the email verification code, new password, and confirm password, to ensure that it is operated by you and to protect the security of your account. 6) Contact customer service When you contact us, the online call you make with our customer service will be recorded, and we will save the communication/call records and content with you, or the contact information and related information you leave, so as to contact you or help you solve the problem, or record the solution and results of the relevant problem. At the same time, in order to identify you, we may retain your voiceprint feature information. If you refuse us to collect such information, you will not be able to call our customer service phone number or the customer service team will not be able to feedback the processing results to you, but it will not affect your use of the functions of the Paipaidai platform that are not related to customer service. (2) Sensitive permissions retrieved When we collect the above information, we may invoke your camera permissions or photo album permissions (only for Android and iOS versions prior to V9.18). 5. Information we obtain from other sourcesIn order to jointly provide you with products/services with third parties or improve the quality of products and services or out of reasonable considerations for the safety of products and services, we will receive your personal information and other information from affiliated companies, partners and other trusted third-party suppliers in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations or based on your authorization, including inquiries about your judicial litigation information from third-party institutions with which we cooperate. We will obtain transfer records, withdrawal records, and account balances from third-party cooperative payment institutions and bank accounts, and obtain user order information from third-party loan product service providers, all of which are used to complete fund settlement and account reconciliation services, and use your personal information in accordance with the agreement between you and the third party or this privacy policy. In the event of a conflict between the two, this privacy policy shall prevail. If Paipaidai needs to process your information beyond the scope of the above policy, we will obtain your consent within a reasonable period of time. 6. Instructions for calling device permissionsIf you use Paipaidai products through the Paipaidai loan app, you can check the status of your access rights to personal information item by item through the APP "My" - "Account Settings" - "Privacy Settings" or the device's "Settings" - "Permission Management", and you can decide to turn these permissions on or off. When you turn on these permissions, it means that you authorize us to collect and use these personal information to achieve the above functions. When you turn off the permissions, it means that you cancel these authorizations, and we will no longer be able to collect and use your personal information, nor can we provide you with the above functions corresponding to these authorizations. Your decision to turn off permissions will not affect the processing of personal information previously performed based on your authorization. 1) Wireless network Device type: Android/IOS Permission code: android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE NSLocalNetworkUsageDescription Business function and purpose: Network connection for various business functions Specific application scenarios: All business functions need to be called, and you can choose whether to turn on this permission Can it be turned off: Android system does not support turning off; IOS supports turning off 2) Notification Device type: Android/IOS Permission code: UNNotificationSettings Business function and purpose: Send notification messagesSpecific application scenarios: When calling push notification announcements and selected activity messages, you can choose whether to enable this permission. Can it be closed: Yes 3) Get application installation list Device type: Android Permission code: android.permission.QUERY_ALL_PACKAGES (App V10.1 and above) Business function and purpose: Identify device simulators, protect account security, and conduct anti-fraud risk assessment Specific application scenarios: When calling when users register, log in, on the home page, and complete the information page, you can choose whether to enable this permission. Can it be closed: No (the manufacturer's system supports application list permissions and can be closed) 4) Camera Device type: Android/IOS Permission code: android.permission.CAMERA Camera Usage Description Business function and purpose: Shooting Specific application scenarios: When calling in liveness authentication, ID card verification, bank card verification, real estate authentication, passport authentication, enterprise authentication, uploading avatars, manual customer service, and problem feedback, you can choose whether to enable this permission. Can it be closed: Yes 5) Device ID Device type: Android/IOS Permission code: android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATENSUserTrackingUsageDescription Business function and purpose: 1. It is easy to identify your frequently used devices, conduct anti-fraud risk assessment, and protect account security. 2. In order to verify the legitimacy of the login status and prevent login attacks, it is called in the startup process. Specific application scenarios: It is called in the registration, login, homepage, borrowing money and other links. You can choose whether to enable this permission. Can it be turned off: Android can be turned off. For iOS 14.5 and above, users can turn off advertising identifier tracking. 6) Positioning Device type: Android/IOS Permission code: android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION NSLocationWhenInUseUsageDescription Business function and purpose: protect account security, business risk control, and provide local services. Note: 1. If your device is an Android system, when obtaining IP address, SSID, BSSID, cellular network IP/ID, some brands of mobile phones (such as Huawei) will add the number of times the geographic location is used in the system's permission usage record, but in this scenario, we will not obtain any of your geographic location information and movement trajectory. 2,If your device is running iOS, the device system will automatically trigger location permissions when collecting WiFi SSID and BSSID. However, in this scenario, we do not collect any of your location information or movement tracks. Specific application scenarios: called when filling in the delivery address when exchanging vitality points for goods. You can choose whether to enable this permission. Can it be closed: yes 7) Call records Device type: Android (App V9.20 prior to version and V9.25 and above) Permission code: android.permission.READ_CALL_LOG Business function and purpose: Identify the risk of telecommunications fraud, protect account security, and accurately assess your credit qualifications Specific application scenarios: called when applying for credit limits and borrowing, you can choose whether to enable this permission. Can it be closed: yes 8) Fitness Device type: Android/IOS Permission code: android.permission.ACTIVITY_RECOGNITION NSMotionUsageDescription Business function and purpose: To facilitate your participation in designated activities within the APP Specific application scenarios: only called when donating steps to show love, you can choose whether to enable this permission. Can it be closed: yes 9) Floating window permission Device type: Android Permission code:android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW Business function and purpose: Remind users of account security Specific application scenario: When the user moves the APP from the foreground to the background, remind the user to pay attention to account security. You can choose whether to enable this permission. Can it be closed: Yes 10) Application installation permission Device type: Android Permission code: android.permission.REQUEST_INSTALL_PACKAGES Business function and purpose: New version upgrade and installation within the application Specific application scenario: Called when a new version is upgraded and installed. You can choose whether to enable this permission. Can it be closed: Yes 11) Network access Device type: Android Permission code: android.permission.INTERNET Business function and purpose: Basic network services Specific application scenario: All business functions need to be called. Can it be closed: No, the Android system does not support closing. 12) Change network status Device type: Android Permission code: android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE Business function and purpose: During the user registration/login process, if it involves operator one-click login, in order to ensure that the operator's one-click login service is called from the mobile networkSpecific application scenario: called when the one-click login function is involved in the user registration/login process. Can it be turned off: No, the Android system does not support turning it off. 13) Network status Device type: Android Permission code: android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE Business function and purpose: query network connection information to determine whether to enable network connection and operator one-click login Specific application scenario: called when the one-click login function is involved in the user registration/login process. Can it be turned off: No, the Android system does not support turning it off. 14) Flash Device type: Android Permission code: android.permission.FLASHLIGHT Business function and purpose: fill light when taking pictures Specific application scenario: called in face recognition, ID card verification, bank card verification, real estate authentication, passport authentication, enterprise authentication, and uploading avatars. Can it be turned off: No, the Android system does not support turning it off. 15) Keep the screen awake Device type: Android Permission code: android.permission.WAKE_LOCK Business function and purpose: ensure that the screen is always on during video review Specific application scenario: called during video review. Can it be turned off: No, the Android system does not support turning it off. 16) Vibration Device type: AndroidPermission code: android.permission.VIBRATE Business function and purpose: When a push message is received, the phone is vibrated to remind the user, which involves obtaining this permission. Specific application scenario: called when a message is pushed. Can it be turned off: No, the Android system does not support turning it off. 17) Microphone permission Device type: IOS Permission code: NSMicrophoneUsageDescription Business function and purpose: recording Specific application scenario: When performing special scenarios such as liveness authentication and contacting customer service through an Internet phone, the microphone permission needs to be enabled. You can choose whether to enable this permission. Can it be turned off: Yes 18) Pedometer sensor Device type: Android/IOS Permission code: android.permission.ACTIVITY_RECOGNITION NSMotionUsageDescription Business function and purpose: recording daily step data Specific application scenario: only called in activities such as donating steps to show love, you can choose whether to enable this permission. Can it be turned off: Yes 19) Light sensor Device type: Android Permission code: / Business function and purpose: detect the brightness of the current environment and give users corresponding prompts Specific application scenario: only used when performing face recognition Can it be turned off: No 20) Acceleration/gravity sensor Device type: Android/IOSPermission code: / Business function and purpose: Determine whether the user is holding the phone vertically and give the user corresponding prompts Specific application scenario: Only used when performing face recognition Can it be turned off: No 21) Recording Device type: Android Permission code: / Business function and purpose: Recording Specific application scenario: Only used when contacting customer service through an Internet phone Can it be turned off: No 22) Floating layer Device type: Android Permission code: / Business function and purpose: Display floating layer in the App Specific application scenario: Only used when contacting customer service through an Internet phone, so that the user can still keep the call on other pages in the App after leaving the Internet phone page. You can choose whether to enable this permission. Can it be turned off: Yes 23) Bluetooth connection (nearby devices) Device type: Android Permission code: / Business function and purpose: Connect Bluetooth headsets Specific application scenario: Only used when contacting customer service through an Internet phone, used to connect Android system Bluetooth headsets. You can choose whether to enable this permission. Can it be turned off: Yes 24) Sensor list Device type: Android/IOS Permission code: None Business function and purpose: Record daily step data Specific application scenario: Only called in the step donation activity Can it be closed: No 25) Phone number reading Device type: Android (App V10.1 and above) Permission code:android.permission.READ_PHONE_NUMBER Business function and purpose: 1. It is easy to identify the status of your frequently used devices, conduct anti-fraud risk assessment, and protect account security. 2. In order to verify the legitimacy of the login status and prevent login attacks, it is called in the startup process. Specific application scenarios: It is called in the registration, login, homepage, and borrowing links. You can choose whether to enable this permission. Can it be closed: Yes 26) Foreground service permission Device type: Android (App V10.1 and above) Permission code: android.permission.FOREGROUND_SERVICE Business function and purpose: After the App enters the background, it can still provide services to users. Specific application scenarios: It is only used when contacting customer service through an Internet phone, so that users can still maintain Internet phone calls when the App exits the background. Can it be closed: No 27) Screen capture detection permission Device type: Android (App V10.2 and above) Permission code: android.permission.DETECT_SCREEN_CAPTURE Business function and purpose: Identify telecommunications fraud risks and protect account security Specific application scenario: Conduct anti-fraud risk assessment in the loan process Can it be closed: No 28) Contacts Device type: Android/IOSPermission code: android.permission.READ_CONTACTS NSContactsUsageDescription Business function and purpose: When you use the call fee function, in order to quickly fill in your phone number; identify telecommunications fraud risks and protect account security Specific application scenarios: call fee recharge; anti-fraud risk assessment in credit assessment and loan links; Can it be closed: YesPlease note: In order to provide you with better products and services, we collect your information based on the principle of minimum necessity. You have the right to refuse to provide or refuse to agree to the relevant collection and use authorization, but it will affect your use or the provision of services. In the following circumstances, the collection and use of personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent: (1) directly related to national security and national defense security; (2) directly related to public security, public health, and major public interests; (3) directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; (4) for the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals' major legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person concerned; (5) the personal information collected is disclosed to the public by you on your own; (6) personal information is collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels; (7) necessary for signing and performing a contract according to your requirements; (8) necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as discovering and handling product or service failures; (9) other circumstances prescribed by laws and regulations. (II) How we use your information 1. With your authorization and consent, in addition to the corresponding functional services, we will use your above information for security prevention and fraud monitoring, etc., to prevent, discover, and investigate fraud, security hazards, illegality, or violations of our agreements, policies or rules, so as to protect the legitimate rights and interests of you, us or our affiliates, partners and the general public.2. In order to send marketing information, conduct internal audits, data analysis and research, and better improve our products and services, we will use your information under the premise of taking corresponding security protection measures. 3. When we want to use the information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will ask for your consent in advance. 4. You know and agree that we will send you one or more types of notifications by SMS or phone through the contact information you provide (such as mobile phone number), such as message notifications, identity verification, security verification, user experience surveys, and provide you with commercial information such as services, functions or activities of us and/or our partners. However, if you do not want to accept these commercial information, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe method provided in the mobile phone text message, or you can contact us directly to unsubscribe. We will push one or more types of notifications to you in the form of APP push notifications and pop-up prompts, such as message notifications, service reminders, user experience surveys, etc., and provide you with commercial notifications such as services, functions or activities of us and/or our partners. However, we will scientifically plan the push frequency; if you do not want to accept APP push notifications, you can choose to turn off our APP push notification function in your device; we will provide you with a button to prominently close the pop-up window, and if you are not interested in the pop-up content, you can click to close it yourself. If you have any questions, you can also contact us directly; we will provide you with a one-click closing function for advertising pop-ups, and you can contact us directly to close it.5. In order to continuously evaluate your credit qualifications, risk status and repayment ability, we will use the basic information, operation records, platform authentication information, application information, borrowing information, credit information, repayment information, and overdue information that you actively submit or generate during the use of the services provided by PpDai, and form analysis and evaluation information based on the above transaction information. 2. How do we use Cookie technology and third-party plug-ins (i) Cookie technology When you use PpDai products or services, cookies will be sent to your device. When you interact with the services we provide to our partners (including advertising services, and service functions provided by PpDai displayed on other websites), we allow cookies or anonymous identifiers to be sent to PpDai servers. The main function of cookies is to facilitate your use of website products and/or services and to help the website count the number of independent visitors. Using cookie technology, PpDai can provide you with more thoughtful services. We use uniqueid, openid, sourceid, cp, token, deviceid, dxid, adid, duid, and appid parameters to obtain user unique identifiers, channel numbers, device numbers, login status, client parameters, and user IDs, respectively. We and our analytics service providers collect and analyze visitor data to help improve the quality of our websites and products and configure our products and services.If you do not want us to provide you with information based on cookies when you visit PpDai, you can limit PpDai's use of cookies through the configuration of the website and browser. If you log in through the website, you can choose to reject cookies by modifying the browser settings, but you may not be able to log in or use the services or functions provided by PpDai that rely on cookies. (II) Cookie-like technologies In addition to cookies, we may also use other similar technologies such as network Beacon and LocalStorage on the website to access your data, mainly for local user data storage, front and back page data transmission, and page data rendering. Please understand that when you visit web pages created by third parties through the platform, these third parties may collect your information through their own cookies and WebBeacons. Such actions are not controlled by us and are not subject to this policy, but are subject to the personal information protection policy of the third party. We recommend that you carefully read the content of the personal information protection policy of such third parties before using the services provided by third parties. We will also fulfill the necessary review obligations and strive to require third parties to take protective measures for your personal information. (III) Third-party plug-ins PpDai will link or embed third-party SDK and H5 service pages.Some of Ppdai's services need to be provided to you by external third parties. For this reason, third-party SDKs will be embedded in the Ppdai loan APP. For example, [httpdns] (Alibaba Cloud), which provides domain name resolution services, will be authorized to collect IMEI, IMSI, Android ID, APP information, SIM card operator, WIFI-name, WIFI information, and network information. The authorized person uses the above information to optimize the network request speed for users. You can jump to the mobile phone system notification permission page by clicking [My]-[Account Settings]-[Privacy Settings]-[Notification Permissions]. You can turn off the notification permission by yourself. After turning it off, you will no longer receive off-site notification messages. For more details, please refer to the "Third-Party SDK List" (com.ppdai.sdk is Ppdai's internal SDK, not a third-party SDK, and Ppdai's internal SDK follows this privacy protection policy) H5 service pages include third-party marketing pages and third-party application pages. Please note that all operations you perform on the above third-party H5 pages will follow the privacy protection policy of the third-party service provider. When you leave Ppdai and jump to a third-party H5 page, Ppdai reminds you to protect your personal privacy. For more details, please refer to the "Third-Party H5 Service List". III. How do we entrust processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information? (I) Entrusted processingIn order to better serve you, we will entrust our partners to process personal information on our behalf in some cases. We will supervise the personal information processing activities of our partners who we entrust to process personal information in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, and require them to comply with confidentiality obligations and take effective confidentiality measures. In addition, we may share your desensitized, de-identified/anonymized personal information with our partners to better improve our products and services. Without your consent, we will not associate your de-identified information with your real identity information, or perform any form of re-identification. (II) Sharing of Personal InformationWe promise to keep your personal information confidential in accordance with relevant laws, regulations and regulatory requirements. However, in order to provide you with more diversified and high-quality services, in addition to your explicit consent and authorization on our platform to collect and use the personal information and materials you fill out and provide, with your authorization, our platform will disclose the personal information you agree to authorize to a third-party organization that legally holds your personal information to query, collect, verify and authenticate your personal information. You agree and authorize us to verify and authenticate the user information (including your personal identity information) submitted by you or collected by us through a third-party partner under the following circumstances, and to view, collect, use and retain the verification and authentication results obtained. In addition, we will require such third parties to take appropriate confidentiality and security measures for your personal information in the process of using your personal information, but such sharing may lead to the public display of your personal information and other consequences. Please be aware that: 1. Share your personal information with other partners with your explicit consent; 2. Provide and report the user's identity information and borrowing/loan order information to administrative agencies, judicial agencies, institutions or other regulatory agencies in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws, regulations, industry self-discipline norms and other government normative documents; 3. Provide your identity information and loan order information to the Personal Credit Information Center of the People's Bank of China or a legal credit reporting agency approved by the People's Bank of China (including but not limited to Pudao Credit Information Co., Ltd.);4. Provide your identity information, borrowing/loan order information, and borrowing credit information to the China Internet Finance Association, and disclose and display the information in accordance with the requirements of the China Internet Finance Association and Baihang Credit Information Co., Ltd.; 5. In order to achieve your purpose of obtaining a loan from a lender through the Paipaidai borrowing service, we will provide your necessary personal information to the fund partner and credit enhancement party directly or through a legitimate credit reporting agency (if necessary), including device information, real-name information, identity information, personal credit assessment results, and loan order related information, according to the requirements of the fund partner and credit enhancement party. For details, please refer to the relevant agreements signed between us, the cooperating third party and you (including online electronic agreements and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents and the necessity of specific services. Please note that the information you agree to provide to the third party will be subject to the privacy protection policy of the third party. The third parties we cooperate with include the following types: (1) Lending partners, namely financial institutions, Internet microfinance companies and other legal lending entities that actually provide you with funds. We will provide them with your identity information, personal credit assessment results, and loan order information; (2) Credit enhancement partners, including guarantee companies and insurance companies, which are entities that provide credit enhancement services for your loans. We will provide them with your identity information, personal credit assessment results, and loan order information;(3) Payment partners, including third-party payment institutions and fund clearing banks, to whom we will provide your identity information, bank account information, and loan order information; (4) Post-loan partners, service providers that provide loan order management and account reminders, to whom we will provide your necessary contact information and loan order information; (5) Third-party service providers, including credit reporting agencies and/or legal data agencies that verify and assess your information, in order to better provide you with products and services and for our own risk prevention and control, we will provide them with your name, mobile phone number, ID number and other information necessary for providing you with services for verification and validation, and review, collect, use and retain the verification and validation results obtained. The specific information provided shall be subject to the actual product interface presentation and the corresponding authorization agreement. With your authorization (including electronic documents signed online), we have the right to inquire, collect, verify and validate your personal information related to loan approval and credit assessment from third-party institutions that legally hold your personal information, for the purpose of reviewing your credit qualifications, credit and repayment ability, and providing matching credit services and making necessary collection calls on you in the later stage. These third parties may conduct lawful and necessary processing of the personal information that you have authorized us to provide for the purpose of providing us with the aforementioned query services.(6) Electronic signature service providers. Due to the need to apply for electronic signatures, we will provide your name and ID number to the electronic signature partner. You agree to use your electronic signature on the agreement you confirm. (7) Other service partners, including technical service companies and online lending information intermediary service platforms, we will provide them with your device information, identity information, personal credit assessment results, and loan order information. (8) Operation partners. We will entrust a third party to provide you with operation services. We will provide your name, ID card, mobile phone number, last credit approval time, credit limit and settlement time to the operation partner. (9) Service partners who provide analysis, marketing reach, etc. In order to better provide you with our and/or our partner’s services, functions or activities, we will provide your mobile phone number to the service partner for the service partner to contact you by phone or text message. (10) Credit reporting agencies established in accordance with the law (such as Pudao Credit Reporting Co., Ltd.). When you apply for credit or loan services, for the purpose of pre-loan risk identification and risk management, we will share your basic personal information, identity information, contact information, educational information, income status, marital status, transaction information and personal information collected and processed by us for the purpose of providing services with Pudao Credit Information Co., Ltd. and other credit reporting agencies established in accordance with the law. We list the situations in which we share your personal information with partners and third parties one by one. For details, please refer to the "List of Personal Information Shared with Third Parties". (III) Transfer of Personal InformationWe will not transfer your personal information to other companies, organizations and individuals except in the following circumstances: 1. With your consent or authorization, we obtain your explicit consent or authorization for designated information in advance; 2. We need to provide your personal information in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements; 3. In accordance with the relevant agreements signed with you (including online electronic agreements and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents; 4. In the event of mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, if personal information is transferred, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy, otherwise, we will require the company or organization to re-ask for your authorization. (IV) Public Disclosure of Personal Information We will not publicly disclose your personal information to other partners, organizations and individuals except in the following circumstances: 1. With your consent or authorization, we disclose your personal information in a designated manner for designated information; 2. We may disclose your personal information publicly when required by law, legal procedures, litigation or government authorities. Subject to compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive a request to disclose the above information, we will require the production of corresponding legal documents, such as a subpoena or investigation letter, to ensure that it has a legal basis and is limited to data that law enforcement agencies have the legal right to obtain for specific investigation purposes.(V) Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent when sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing personal information 1. Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which an individual is a party, or for the implementation of human resources management in accordance with labor rules and regulations formulated in accordance with the law and collective contracts signed in accordance with the law; 2. Necessary for the performance of statutory duties or statutory obligations; 3. Necessary for responding to public health emergencies, or for protecting the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations; 4. Processing personal information within a reasonable scope for news reporting, public opinion supervision, and other activities for the public interest; 5. Processing personal information that an individual has disclosed on his own or that has been legally disclosed within a reasonable scope in accordance with the provisions of this Law; 6. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations. IV. How we preserve and protect your personal information (I) Preservation period We preserve your information for the shortest period necessary to achieve the purpose of the service. In accordance with the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China and other relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements, we must fully preserve user identity information and user transaction information for at least 5 years. During your use of PpDai products and services, we will continue to preserve your personal information for you. If you cancel your account or actively delete the above information, Paipaidai will delete or anonymize your personal information based on the needs of service response, without violating the minimum retention period of 5 years.Your personal information is stored in the territory of the People's Republic of China and will not be transmitted overseas through any means or in any form without the user's authorization. (III) Security measures 1. Data security technical measures we adopt We attach great importance to information security. We have obtained the communication network security protection classification filing certificate and IS027001 information security management system certification. In accordance with the third level standard of the "Basic Requirements for Information System Security Level Protection", we have established complete information security facilities, management systems and internal security incident handling mechanisms. We have established a dedicated team to develop and apply a variety of security technologies and procedures, including access control, identity authentication and security audit procedures. We will conduct security background checks on security management personnel and personnel in key security positions. We adopt appropriate security measures and technical means that meet industry standards to store and protect your personal information to prevent your information from being lost, unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, damage, loss or leakage. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; we will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked. 2. Our security training and confidentiality requirements for employeesWe will train and assess employees on data security awareness and security capabilities, and strengthen their understanding of the importance of protecting personal information. We will authenticate the identities of employees who handle personal information and control their permissions, and sign confidentiality agreements with employees and partners who have access to your personal information to clarify job responsibilities and codes of conduct to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information. If there is any violation of the confidentiality agreement, the cooperative relationship with Paipaidai will be terminated immediately, and relevant legal responsibilities will be pursued. Confidentiality requirements are also imposed on personnel who have access to personal information when they leave their posts. 3. You should improve your awareness of information security We remind you that the Internet is not an absolutely safe environment. When you interact with other users about your geographic location or whereabouts through third-party social software, emails, text messages, etc. embedded in Paipaidai, you are not sure whether the third-party software completely encrypts the transmission of information. Please pay attention to ensure the security of your personal information. Please understand that the systems and communication networks you use when using our products and/or services may have security issues in other links beyond our control. (IV) Handling of security incidents1. We will formulate emergency plans for network security incidents, and promptly deal with security risks such as system vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, and network intrusions. When an incident endangering network security occurs, we will immediately activate the emergency plan, take appropriate remedial measures, and report to the relevant competent authorities in accordance with regulations. We also ask you to understand that in the Internet industry, due to technological limitations and rapid development, as well as various possible malicious attack methods, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% security of information. 2. The leakage, damage, and loss of personal information are company-level major security incidents. We will be responsible for regularly organizing working group members to conduct security plan drills to prevent such security incidents from happening. If unfortunately, we will activate the emergency plan with the highest priority, form an emergency response team, trace the cause and reduce losses in the shortest time. According to our security management system, the leakage, damage or loss of personal information is listed as the most serious security incident. Once it occurs, the company's highest-level emergency plan will be activated, and a joint emergency response team composed of multiple departments such as the Information Security Department, the Government Relations Department, and the Legal Department will handle it.3. After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take, the suggestions for you to prevent and reduce risks on your own, and your remedial measures, etc. in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the incident through the contact information you have reserved, such as in-site notification, SMS notification, telephone, email, etc. When it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will take reasonable and effective ways to issue announcements. At the same time, we will also proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities. V. Your rights We attach great importance to your concern about personal information, and do our best to protect your right to access, correct, delete, withdraw and cancel your personal information, so that you have sufficient ability to protect your personal information and information security. Your rights include: (I) Right of access (right to query). In principle, you can access your personal information and account information in the following ways: You can log in to the PpDai website or PpDai loan APP at any time to access or edit the personal information in your account. For other personal information generated during your use of our products or services, we will provide it to you if it is technically feasible. Taking Paipaidai Loan APP as an example, you can go to "My" - "Account Settings" - "Personal Center", "My" - "Account Settings" - "Account Security" - "Login Password","My" - "Bank Card Management" to access or manage the personal information and information in your account, including avatar, mobile phone number, email address, delivery address, login password, bank card account information, or call the customer service hotline 95065 for inquiry. (II) Right to correction. When you find that there is an error in the personal information we process about you, after verifying your identity and the correction does not affect the objectivity and accuracy of the information, you have the right to correct or update the erroneous or incomplete information. You can make corrections on the PpDai website or PpDai loan APP. Taking the PpDai loan APP as an example, you can access or manage the personal information and information in your account, including avatar, mobile phone number, email address, delivery address, login password, bank card account information, through "My" - "Account Settings" - "Personal Center", "My" - "Account Settings" - "Account Security" - "Login Password", "My" - "Bank Card Management", or call the customer service hotline 95065 to submit your correction application to us. (III) Right to copy. In accordance with laws, regulations and relevant national standards, you have the right to obtain a copy of your personal data and information. Taking the Paipaidai loan APP as an example, you can go to "My" - "Account Settings" - "Personal Center" - "Personal Information" - "Export Information", and fill in your email address. We will send your personal information to your designated email address, and the exported information will be in PDF format.(IV) Right to delete. You may request us to delete your personal information in the following circumstances: (1) If we terminate the operation of P.P.D. products and services; (2) Involving trade secrets. If we collect, use, share or transfer your personal information in violation of laws and regulations or our agreement with you, you have the right to request us and third parties to delete it. (3) If you actively terminate the use of P.P.D. products or services and exercise the right to delete, it will be deemed as account cancellation. If you have already generated business or services, your decision to delete the information will not affect the processing of personal information that was previously conducted based on your consent or authorization. When you delete information from the P.P.D. platform, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but will delete the information when the backup is updated. Taking the P.P.D. loan APP as an example, the way to delete information is to call the customer service number 95065 and submit your deletion application to us. (V) Right to revoke. Each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed, and you cannot revoke the information corresponding to the ongoing business function. You can give or withdraw your authorization consent at any time for the collection and use of additional personal information. Once you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, and we will no longer process your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the previous processing of personal information based on your consent or authorization.Taking the Paipaidai loan APP as an example, the way to revoke information authorization is: call the customer service number 95065 and submit your withdrawal application to us. (VI) Right to cancel. You can cancel your previously registered account at any time, but you cannot cancel your account if you have completed or are handling unfinished business. Once you cancel your Paipaidai account, you will not be able to use the services of Paipaidai's full range of user products, so please operate with caution. In order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of you or others, we will determine whether to support your cancellation request based on your use of Paipaidai's various products. Unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will stop providing you with products and services after canceling your account. After the minimum storage period of 5 years required by the regulatory authorities, we will delete or anonymize your information. The way to cancel the Paipaidai loan APP is: "My" - "Account Settings" - "Account Security" - "Cancel Account" or search for the keyword "Cancel" in "My" - "Contact Customer Service" to enter the cancellation process. The way to cancel the Paipaidai official website is: "Home" - "Customer Service Hall" - "Account Information" - "Correction, Delete, Cancel".(VII) The right to be informed in advance of the cessation of product and service operations. Paipaidai is willing to accompany you all the time. If Paipaidai products and services are forced to cease operation due to special reasons, we will notify you in advance on the main page of the product or service or send you an email or other appropriate means to reach you, and will stop collecting your personal information. At the same time, we will delete or anonymize your personal information in accordance with legal provisions. For security reasons, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. Please note: We will complete the verification and processing of any of your rights and interests within 15 working days. If you are not satisfied, you can also complain through the customer service phone or email. In principle, we do not charge fees for your reasonable requests, but for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the circumstances. We may reject requests that are repeated without reason, require too many technical means (for example, the need to develop a new system or fundamentally change current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very impractical (for example, involving information stored on backup tapes). (VIII) In the following circumstances, we will not be able to respond to your request to correct, delete or cancel your information in accordance with laws and regulations: 1. Directly related to national security or national defense security; 2. Directly related to public security, public health or major public interests;3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments; 4. We have sufficient evidence to show that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights (such as your request will endanger public security and the legitimate rights and interests of others, or your request exceeds the scope that can be covered by general technical means and commercial costs); 5. Responding to the request of the subject of personal information will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals and organizations; 6. Involving commercial secrets. VI. How we protect the personal information of minors PpDai products and services are only for adults. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you will not be able to complete our real-name authentication. We will not provide services to minors and will not collect information about minors. If you believe that we have inadvertently collected information about minors, please contact us through the contact information stated in this Privacy Policy so that we can delete this information as soon as possible. VII. Notice and Amendment (I) The way you access this Privacy Policy through the PpDai Loan APP is: "My" - "User Agreement" - "User Privacy Protection Policy". In order to provide you with better services and as the PpDai business develops, this Privacy Policy may also be updated. We will notify you through official website announcements, APP in-site messages, pop-up windows or text messages (collectively referred to as "notifications") so that you can keep up to date with the latest privacy policy.(II) For major changes, we will notify you through pop-up windows on the main exposure pages of products or services, or through in-app messages, text messages or other more prominent notification methods, and only after obtaining your re-authorization will we process your personal information in accordance with the updated personal information protection policy after major changes. Major changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to: 1. Major changes in our service model. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way personal information is used, etc.; 2. Major changes in our ownership structure, organizational structure, etc., such as changes in owners caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy and mergers and acquisitions, etc.; 3. Changes in the main objects of sharing, transfer or public disclosure of personal information; 4. Major changes in your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and the way they are exercised; 5. When our responsible department, contact information and complaint channels for handling personal information security change; 6. When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates a high risk. VIII. How to contact us (I) Customer Service If you have any questions, comments or suggestions on this privacy policy or matters related to your personal information and data security, including but not limited to inquiries, corrections, changes in authorization, etc., please call our customer service number 95065 to contact us. (II) Person in charge of personal information protectionWe have also set up a full-time person in charge of personal information protection. The contact information of the person in charge of personal information protection is: privacy@ppdai.com. If you have any questions about our collection, use, sharing, and protection of your personal information, you can also send an email to the email address to provide feedback to the person in charge of personal information protection. Generally, after you contact us, we will accept and handle your questions within 15 working days to help solve your problems. If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you think that our personal information processing behavior has damaged your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek solutions through the following external channels: file a lawsuit with the People's Court of Pudong New Area, Shanghai, or you can report to the relevant government departments or industry associations. IX. Glossary 1. Affiliated companies refers to the single or collective name of Shanghai Paipaidai Financial Information Service Co., Ltd. and other companies that have an affiliated relationship with Paipaidai. "Affiliated relationship" means for any subject (including individuals, companies, partnerships, organizations or any other entities), that is, the subject it directly or indirectly controls, or the subject that directly or indirectly controls it, or the subject that is directly or indirectly controlled by the same subject. The aforementioned "control" means that, through holding voting rights, contracts or other means, one directly or indirectly has the right to instruct or instruct others to instruct the management and decision-making of the relevant entity, or other relationships that in fact constitute actual control.Including Paipaidai loan APP, Paipaidai official website ppdai.com, and Paipaidai preferred loan mini program. 3. Commonly used equipment and network information Including IP address, operator, basic WIFI information, mobile phone number, IDFA, operating system, system version, current network, MAC, IMEI, IMSI, android_id, MEID, serial number, manufacturer, model, device unique identifier, memory capacity, number of pictures, album attributes, acceleration, battery, device elevation angle, screen brightness, camera pixels, resolution, language, scene mode, whether it is a simulator, DNS, number of steps, exercise and fitness and application traffic information. 4. Personal information Personal information is various information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded electronically or otherwise, excluding information after anonymization. Personal information includes personal basic information, personal identity information, personal biometric information, network identity information, personal health and physiological information, personal education and work information, personal property information, personal communication information, contact information, personal Internet access records, personal commonly used device information, personal location information, etc. For the avoidance of doubt, personal information includes but is not limited to personal sensitive information. 5. Personal sensitive informationSensitive personal information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, is likely to infringe upon the personal dignity of a natural person or endanger the personal and property safety, including information such as biometrics, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical health, financial accounts, whereabouts, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen. 6. Anonymization refers to the process of technically processing personal information so that the subject of personal information cannot be identified and the processed information cannot be restored. 7. China or China: refers to the mainland of the People's Republic of China, excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macao Special Administrative Region and Taiwan. X. Self-start and associated startup instructions 1. In order to ensure that this application can normally receive information pushed to the App when it is closed or running in the background, this application must use the (self-start) capability, and there will be a certain frequency of broadcasting through the system to wake up this application to start or associate startup behavior, which is necessary for the realization of functions and services. 2. If you do not agree with this behavior, you can turn off the notification function and self-start or associated startup function of this application in the system settings. 11. List of third-party SDKs 12. List of related companies No. Company Name 1 Shanghai Paipaidai Financial Information Service Co., Ltd. 2 Shanghai Erxu Information Technology Co., Ltd. 3 Fujian Zhiyun Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd. 4 Zhiyun (Tianjin) Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd. 5 Hainan Shenxin Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd. 6 Shanghai Platinum Information Technology Co., Ltd. 7 Shanghai Shantong Technology Co., Ltd.8 Shanghai Ledao Technology Co., Ltd.