Download Guazi Used Car Personal Information Processing Rules Updated: September 15, 2023 Effective: September 15, 2023 Introduction Guazi Used Car (hereinafter referred to as "Guazi" or "we") attaches great importance to the protection of users' personal information and privacy. In order to provide you with more accurate and safer products and services at the same time, we have clarified our principles for processing personal information in accordance with the "Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China", "Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China", "Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China", "Civil Code of the People's Republic of China" and other relevant laws, regulations and technical specifications, and further elaborated on the relevant rights regarding your personal information and how we protect your personal information.These personal information processing rules (hereinafter referred to as "these rules") are closely related to the products and/or services of Guazi that you use. When you download, install, start, browse, register, log in, and use Guazi's products and/or services (hereinafter collectively referred to as "using Guazi"), we will process and protect your personal information in accordance with the provisions of these rules. We try to explain the professional terms involved in these rules to you in simple and popular terms so that you can understand them easily. Before you start/continue to use Guazi, please be sure to read and understand these rules carefully, especially the terms marked in bold/bold underlined, to ensure that you fully understand and agree, and make appropriate choices according to the guidance of these rules when necessary. If you disagree with any content of these rules, you should immediately stop using or accessing Guazi. When you start/continue to use Guazi after reading these rules, it means that you have agreed that we will process your personal information in accordance with these rules. About Us The operator of the Guazi platform is Chehaoduo Used Motor Vehicle Brokerage (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Chehaoduo Company") and its affiliated companies; Registered address: Room 98210, 2nd Floor, Building 50, No. 14, Jiangtai Road, Jiuxianqiao, Chaoyang District, Beijing. The directory of these rules is as follows: 1. Definition and scope of application 2. How we collect and use your personal information 3. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information 4. How we store your personal information 5. Security protection measures for personal information and handling of security incidents 6.How do you manage your personal information? VII. Protection of minors VIII. How do we update the personal information protection rules? IX. How to contact us X. Others The specific contents of these rules are as follows: I. Definition and scope of application (I) Definition 1.1 Personal information refers to various information related to an identified or identifiable natural person recorded in electronic or other forms, excluding information that has been anonymized. In these rules, IMEI (only for Android devices), UUID (only for IOS devices), IDFA (only for IOS devices), IMSI, device MAC address, AndroidID, OAID, network information (IP, WIFI), operation records, log information, running processes, list of installed applications, mobile phone number, name, ID card or photocopy of identity certificate, bank account number, facial recognition features, contact address, location information, order information and transaction status, payment information, call content and chat records in customer service scenarios, name, ID number, credit information, sensor information, as well as offline vehicle photos and videos (which may contain license plate information, etc., the same below), other photos/videos related to the transaction, photocopies of ID cards or other identity certificates, photocopies of driver's licenses, photocopies of vehicle registration certificates, photocopies of motor vehicle registration certificates, vehicle purchase invoices and purchase tax payment certificates, compulsory traffic insurance and commercial insurance policies, bank account numbers, facial recognition features, residential addresses, photocopies of transfer invoices/photocopies of motor vehicle registration certificates after transfer, unit name and unit address, marital status, names and contact information of family members. 1.2Sensitive personal information is personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, is likely to infringe upon the personal dignity of a natural person or endanger the personal and property safety, including information such as biometrics, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical health, financial accounts, whereabouts, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen. In these rules, it includes order information and transaction status collected on the APP/Mini Program/web page, credit information, and photocopies of ID cards or other identity documents, driver's licenses, motor vehicle registration certificates, vehicle driving licenses, bank account numbers, facial recognition features, addresses, photocopies of transfer invoices/photocopies of motor vehicle registration certificates after transfer, marital status, family members and contact information collected during the contract signing process. 1.3 Processing of personal information, including the collection, storage, use, processing, transmission, provision, disclosure, and deletion of personal information. 1.4 Deletion, the act of removing personal information from systems involved in implementing daily business functions so that it remains inaccessible. 1.5 Anonymization refers to the process of making the subject of personal information unidentifiable and the processed information irreversible through technical processing of personal information. The information after anonymization does not constitute personal information. 1.6 Affiliates/affiliates refer to entities that directly or indirectly control Chehaoduo, or are controlled by Chehaoduo, or are under common control with Chehaoduo. (II) Scope of application 1.7These rules apply to all products and services provided to you by Guazi through the Guazi Used Cars website, APP, mini-programs, and new forms that emerge with technological development. Except for the relevant information collection and use activities described in these rules, these rules do not apply to products and/or services provided to you by third parties. The products and/or services provided to you by third parties are subject to the personal information processing rules separately explained to you by them. II. How we collect and use your personal information You understand and agree that: We will explain to you in these rules the scope, purpose and method of personal information that may be collected for each function, as well as the possible consequences of refusing to provide personal information. Please be aware that: (1) In order to provide you with the basic functions of our products and/or services, that is, to provide you with used car trading information and allow you to browse, search, and filter vehicle information, you must authorize us to collect and use the necessary information. If you refuse to provide the corresponding information, you will only be able to use the basic functions of our products and/or services, such as searching, filtering, and browsing vehicle information; (2) In order to provide you with additional functions of our products and/or services, that is, other functions beyond the aforementioned basic functions, you can choose whether to authorize us to collect and use the information. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use the relevant additional functions normally or achieve the functional effects we intend to achieve, but it will not affect the use of basic functions.We will follow the principles of legitimacy, legality and necessity to collect and use your personal information generated during the use of Guazi for the following purposes as described in these Rules. If we want to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in these Rules, or use the information that has been collected for other purposes based on specific purposes, we will inform you in accordance with the law and obtain your consent again before use. You can click on the hyperlink "Guazi Used Car Personal Information Collection List" to view the specific collection of personal information. (I) Direct Collection and Use of Personal Information (1) Registration and Login 2.1 Before using Guazi services, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number. We will send a verification code to your mobile phone to complete the service functions and conduct real identity verification in accordance with the law. If you refuse to provide your mobile phone number, Guazi cannot create an account for you. You can only use the vehicle information browsing, searching and filtering services. 2.2 When you use a third-party account such as WeChat or QQ to log in to Guazi, we will collect your nickname and avatar in the third-party account after obtaining your explicit authorization, so as to help you register a Guazi account and use Guazi platform services such as Guazi Car Review Community and Popular Circles. The nickname and avatar you set will be publicly displayed. If you refuse authorization, it will not affect your use of the basic functions of Guazi products or services. (2) Upload, display and browse vehicle information 2.3If you are a car seller and use Guazi to display the information of the vehicle you want to sell, you need to provide us with your location information during the contract signing process so that we can inspect the vehicle at your doorstep and conduct a vehicle evaluation; you need to provide us with a photocopy of your ID card or other identification to complete the real-name authentication of the vehicle for sale; you need to provide us with a photocopy of your driver's license, a photocopy of your motor vehicle registration certificate, a photocopy of your vehicle registration certificate, the purchase invoice and the purchase tax payment certificate to confirm that you have the right to sell the vehicle; you need to provide us with a photocopy of the compulsory traffic insurance policy and commercial insurance policy, vehicle photos, and vehicle videos (for VR car viewing) to display your vehicle information in more detail and intuitively. The aforementioned bold and underlined information is sensitive personal information, which is necessary for you to display your vehicle on Guazi. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use this function, but it will not affect your use of our other functions. 2.4 If you browse vehicle information on Guazi.com, we will collect your device information, including IMEI (Android devices only), UUID (IOS devices only), IDFA (IOS devices only), IMSI, SSID, BSSID, device MAC address, list of installed applications, and background status acquisition (gyroscope sensor, gravity sensor, acceleration sensor, clipboard). We use the above device information to identify real user entities to prevent phishing fraud, telecommunications network fraud, and illegal crawling of our website content, thereby ensuring the security of our system.(3) Vehicle Trading Service 2.5 When you use Guazi’s vehicle trading service, we will collect your information within the following scope for the following purposes. The bold and underlined information below is sensitive personal information, which is necessary for us to provide you with intermediary services. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use this function and service, but it will not affect your use of our other functions. 2.6 If you are a user selling a car, in addition to providing the information required by Article 2.3 of this Agreement, you must also provide us with your bank account number during the signing process in order to receive the car payment; provide us with your address for the signing of electronic contracts and the delivery of notices when resolving disputes. In addition, if you need to entrust someone else to sell your vehicle on your behalf, you will also need to provide a photocopy of the agent’s ID card or other identification, and provide photos or videos of your vehicle that you authorize the agent to sell. 2.7If you are a car buyer, you need to provide us with your location information so that we can recommend suitable sources of cars to you based on the source information of cars across the country and the different requirements for vehicle transfers. During the signing process, you need to provide us with a photocopy of your name, ID card or other identification to complete the real-name authentication for the car purchase. You also have the right to choose facial feature recognition to complete the real-name authentication for the car purchase. You understand that facial feature recognition information is necessary for real-name authentication for used car transactions. We will need to collect your facial information to confirm that we provide used car transaction services for you. To fully ensure the security of your facial information, we will only save the result information of your facial information recognition based on the minimum necessity for your use of this service and within the period specified by laws, regulations or regulators, but will not save the facial information itself. You need to provide us with your address for the delivery of notices when resolving disputes. You need to provide us with a bank account number to receive the refunded deposit. You need to provide us with a photocopy of the transfer invoice/a photocopy of the motor vehicle registration certificate after the transfer so that we can refund the deposit to you after we know that you have completed the transfer. 2.8 When you use Guazi services, we will record your order information, transaction status, and payment information. We collect the above information based on the requirements of laws and regulations, as well as to protect your property safety and handle user disputes. 2.9When you make a transaction payment on Guazi, if you use the third-party payment function, Guazi will not obtain other payment-related personal information except your payment tool and order payment status. (4) Collection and sharing of vehicles 2.10 When you browse our vehicle information, you can choose to collect the vehicle sources you are interested in and share the vehicle source information with third parties through the functional components we provide. When you use the above functions, we will collect service log information including your collection records and sharing history to achieve the above functions and other purposes we clearly inform you. You can manage or delete your collection information in the favorites. 2.11 When the price of the vehicle you have collected is reduced, we will send you a price reduction reminder. If you do not want to receive such reminders, you can turn it off in accordance with Article 2.12 (1). (5) Display and push services for personalized needs 2.12To provide you with an easier access experience, we will collect, use and store your operation records and car purchase preference data to help determine your login status and make personalized recommendations to you. We will collect and use your browsing, search records and device information (including the device information described in Article 2.4 of these Rules), service log information, and other information authorized by you when you visit or use Guazi, predict your preference characteristics through algorithm models, match the car models you may be interested in, and sort the information displayed to you based on your clicks, browsing or reservations. In order to meet your diverse needs, we will use technical means to expand the recommended content during the sorting process to avoid excessive concentration of the same type of content. We will also send you commercial short messages, notification push, news about Guazi services, marketing activities, discount promotion information and other content that you may be interested in based on your preference characteristics. In addition, our customer service will contact you by phone to understand your intention to sell or buy a car, and provide more professional and meticulous services. Please note that separate device information and service log information are information that cannot identify the identity of a specific natural person. If we combine such non-personal information with other information to identify a specific natural person, or use it in combination with personal information, such non-personal information will be considered personal information during the period of combined use. We will anonymize and de-identify such information unless we obtain your authorization or otherwise required by laws and regulations. 2.13In order to ensure that you can use our message push service normally, we use Huawei Push Service and Xiaomi Push Service (see Section 3.4 "Guazi Used Car Third-Party Shared Personal Information List" for details). In order to ensure that you can receive push messages in a timely manner, Huawei Push SDK and Xiaomi Push SDK may wake up/start the APP on their respective brands of devices at a low frequency. 2.14 In order to understand your car purchase intention in more detail and provide more professional and thoughtful services, merchants on the Guazi platform may communicate with you by phone. However, we will not directly provide your mobile phone number to the merchant. Merchants can only make calls through the Guazi platform to better protect the security of your personal information. We will collect your call content, call duration and other call information through call recording in order to verify the situation for handling disputes or punishing merchants for violations. If you refuse us to collect the above information, you may not be able to use the call function of the Guazi platform, but it will not affect your use of Guazi's basic business functions. At the same time, we strive to improve your user experience through the following measures: (1)If you do not want to receive the personalized vehicle source information display provided by us, you can unsubscribe according to the unsubscribe method provided in the information or click "My-Settings-System Permissions and Account Security" on the APP to turn off the personalized vehicle source recommendation; if you do not want to receive commercial advertisements and notifications sent to you by us within the APP, you can click "My-Settings-System Permissions and Account Security" on the APP to turn off the access notification permission; you can also click "My-Settings-Number of Message Pushes" on the APP to change the message push frequency; (2) If you need to view the sorting that is not based on your personal characteristics when using the site search service provided by us, you can click "Filter" on the search results page and select "Car Price", "Car Age", "Mileage" and other conditions to set. (6) Automotive Financial Services 2.15If you use Guazi Auto Financial Services, our affiliates and their partners will provide you with relevant services. Depending on the content of the services, our affiliates may include Guazi Financial Leasing (China) Co., Ltd. and Guazi Auto Service (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter collectively referred to as "financial service providers"), and the financial customer service contact number is: 400-060-8024. The financial service provider will collect your information within the following scope for the following purposes. The bold and underlined information in the following information is sensitive personal information, which is necessary for us to provide you with financial services. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use this function and service, but it will not affect your use of our other functions. 2.16 In order to conduct a credit assessment on you and for anti-fraud purposes, Guazi Financial Leasing (China) Co., Ltd. will collect your name, ID number, ID card image, bank card number, mobile phone number and credit information (including default information and negative information generated when you handle auto financial services), litigation information, loan information, credit card information, and location information. 2.17If you apply for a financial leasing business, Guazi Financial Leasing (China) Co., Ltd. will collect your basic information (including name, ID number, ID image, contact address, telephone number, bank card information, biometric information (static or dynamic facial features), marital status, driver's license information and image, employment information, monthly income, and the contact name, contact mobile phone number, co-applicant ID number and ID image you provide), vehicle information (including vehicle VIN code, engine number, license plate number, registration information, violations, accident claims, insurance information, repair and maintenance, mortgage information, vehicle transaction information) and information generated when you use the financial leasing service (including financial leasing transaction information and repayment information) in order to conduct due diligence, review and approval, business processing, financing issuance, post-management, and debt collection. 2.18If your auto finance service is provided by a cooperative institution of the financial service provider, in order to facilitate the third-party cooperative institution to provide you with auto finance service, the financial service provider will collect your basic information (including name, ID number, ID image, contact address, telephone number, bank card information, marital status, driver's license information and image, employment information, monthly income, and the contact name, contact mobile number, co-applicant ID number and ID image provided by you), vehicle information (including vehicle VIN code, engine number, license plate number, registration information, insurance information, mortgage information, vehicle transaction information), and provide it to the third-party cooperative financial institution with your separate consent. 2.19 If the above information has been provided to us during your use of our services, in order to make your use of auto finance service more convenient, we will provide this information to our affiliates, namely the financial service providers, and will no longer collect it from you separately. Our affiliates will process your personal information within the scope of the purposes stated in these rules and will be bound by these rules. (7) Insurance brokerage services 2.20If you use Guazi Insurance Brokerage Services (including but not limited to selecting insurance companies for you, searching and selecting insurance products, providing consulting services, handling insurance procedures, etc.), our affiliates and their cooperative institutions will provide you with relevant services. Our affiliate is Shandong Chehaoduo Insurance Brokerage Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the "Insurance Brokerage Service Provider"). The insurance brokerage customer service contact number is: 400-069-6520. The insurance brokerage service provider will collect your information for the following purposes and within the following scope. The bold and underlined information in the following information is sensitive personal information, which is necessary for us to provide you with insurance brokerage services. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use this function and service, but it will not affect your use of our other functions. 2.21 In order to conduct a credit assessment on you and for anti-fraud purposes, the insurance brokerage service provider will collect your basic information (including name, ID number, telephone number, vehicle information (including vehicle VIN code, engine number, license plate number, registration information, violations, accident claims, insurance information, repairs and maintenance, mortgage information), and provide it to a third-party cooperative institution with your separate consent. (8) Customer Service/Online Car Viewing Function 2.22When you use online customer service, we will save your chat history with customer service. When you contact the Guazi customer service team, we will record your call information, your opinions or suggestions, your name and contact information through call recording and manual entry, so that we can handle disputes, solve problems or provide you with feedback. If you refuse us to collect such information, you will not be able to call our customer service number or the customer service team will not be able to provide you with feedback on the results, but it will not affect your use of Guazi's basic business functions. When you need to add a customer service staff corporate WeChat, we will use the clipboard function to collect the WeChat account information you copied to facilitate your quick addition of WeChat friends. 2.23 When you use Guazi's online car viewing/inspection function, browse vehicles online, and communicate with sales staff, we will collect your device information, network information (IP, WIFI), and sensor information. In order to facilitate your communication with sales staff via microphone, we will call your camera and microphone permissions; in order to optimize your viewing experience, we will call your floating window permissions. You can refuse to authorize the above permissions, but it will not affect your browsing of the basic information of the vehicle. 2.24In order to ensure that you can get timely replies/responses during customer service chats or online car viewing/inspection, we will use Tencent Mars services (see Section 3.4 "Guazi Used Car Third-Party Shared Personal Information List" for details) to ensure that the APP is available. Tencent Mars SDK may wake up/start the APP at a low frequency to ensure that customers receive messages in a timely manner. (9) Online car viewing function 2.25 When you use Guazi's online car viewing/inspection function to browse vehicles online and communicate with sales staff, we will collect your device information, network information (IP, WIFI), sensor information, and in order to facilitate your communication with sales staff, we will call your camera and microphone permissions; in order to optimize your viewing experience, we will call your floating window permissions. You can refuse to authorize the above permissions, but it will not affect your browsing of basic vehicle information. (10) Turning on and off system permissions 2.26 In order to provide you with the services you choose to use, or to ensure the quality and experience of the services, you may need to authorize the opening of operating system permissions. If you do not agree to authorize the App to obtain relevant operating system permissions, it will not affect your use of the basic business functions we provide (except for the necessary operating system permissions that the basic business functions rely on), but you may not be able to obtain the user experience brought to you by the additional services. 2.27You can check the status of the above permissions item by item in your device settings or App "My-Settings-System Permissions and Account Security", and you can decide to turn these permissions on or off at any time. 2.28 Please note that when you turn on any permission, it means that you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with the corresponding services. Once you turn off any permission, it means that you cancel the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permission, and we will not be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the permission. However, your decision to turn off the permission will not affect the collection and use of information based on your authorization. 2.29 In the process of providing services, we will call your main device permissions, which are summarized as follows: Device permissions Permission function description Usage scenario or purpose Can it be turned off Read phone status information Collect information such as your IMEI, IMSI, and device MAC address Used to determine user identity and prevent malicious programs Yes, after turning it off, only the corresponding function will be affected, and other functions of the APP will not be affected Access location information Only the user’s geographic location at that time will be collected, and the location information of different time periods will not be combined to determine the whereabouts On-site vehicle inspection, vehicle evaluation, and recommendation of local vehicle sources Yes, after turning it off, only the corresponding function will be affected, and other functions of the APP will not be affected Access notification permissions System notifications Push of vehicle source related information, commercial advertising push Yes, after turning it off, only the corresponding function will be affected, and other functions of the APP will not be affected Access camera permissions Use to take photos and videosFeedback, communication with customer service, use online car viewing/inspection to introduce the car condition Yes, after closing, only the corresponding function is affected, and other functions of the APP are not affected. Access album permissions Read pictures, files and other content in the storage Feedback, communication with customer service, storage of recorded online car viewing/inspection process Yes, after closing, only the corresponding function is affected, and other functions of the APP are not affected. Access the microphone Use the microphone to record audio Online car viewing/inspection, real-time voice communication with sales Yes, after closing, only the corresponding function is affected, and other functions of the APP are not affected. Access the floating window Users watch/inspect cars online, and use the floating window function to optimize the user's viewing experience Help users optimize the online car viewing/inspection video viewing experience Yes, after closing, only the corresponding function is affected, and other functions of the APP are not affected. Access the clipboard In the sharing scenario, the user can copy the link back to the App, and use the clipboard function to automatically paste the link to open the online car viewing room or the vehicle details page; When adding corporate WeChat, you need to copy the WeChat account to the clipboard, and then go to WeChat to paste it to add corporate WeChat In online car viewing/inspection scenarios and customer service communication scenarios, simplify user operations to facilitate opening online car viewing rooms, browsing vehicles, and adding customer service WeChat accounts. Yes, closing this function will only affect the corresponding function and will not affect other App functions. (II) Indirect Collection and Use of Personal Information 2.30When you use auto financial services, in order to review your financing application and financing approval submitted to the financial service provider, conduct risk investigation, risk management, post-financing management of the financing funds issued to you, and handle your credit objections, in accordance with laws, regulations or regulatory requirements, we will provide your name, ID number, ID card image, bank card number, mobile phone number and credit information including credit information (including default information and negative information generated when you handle financial leasing business on Guazi) to the People's Bank of China Financial Credit Information Basic Database, and query, use and save your credit information including credit information in the People's Bank of China Financial Credit Information Basic Database. 2.31 We may obtain personal information that you authorize to be shared from a third party. Before collecting the information, we will clearly require the third party to explain in writing the source of its personal information and whether it has obtained your legal authorization to collect, process and provide us with your personal information. Except for situations expressly permitted by law, we will only collect your personal information from a third party after confirming that the third party has obtained your authorization and consent. If the scope of the third party's authorization does not cover our processing and use purposes, we will process your personal information by ourselves or require the third party to obtain your consent. At the same time, we will protect the indirectly obtained personal information with the same protection means and measures as we use for our own users’ personal information. (III) Other rules for collecting and using personal information 2.32How we use Cookie technology (1) In order to provide you with an easier access experience and simplify your operation steps, we will use cookie technology to record the city information you select on the Guazi Used Car APP/website, record the channel source (such as Baidu browser, Google browser, etc.) from which you open the Guazi Used Car APP/website, and then provide you with preference settings, help you optimize your selection and interaction with advertisements, and help determine the security of your account and data. (2) We will not use Cookies for any purpose other than the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. You can uncheck the city information in the APP. If you uncheck, we will not use the above Cookies. 2.33 You should ensure that the personal information you submit (such as account name, profile picture, etc.) is accurate and legal, and shall not contain any illegal, pornographic, violent, or public order and moral content, and shall not harm the legitimate interests of others. If the personal information you provide contains the aforementioned illegal and illegal situations, we will take measures such as not registering, not changing, or stopping use based on the results of the legality and compliance verification. 2.34 When the Guazi Used Car APP is updated, we will not actively change your original system permission settings; 2.35 If the information you provide contains the personal information of other users, you must ensure that you have obtained legal authorization before providing such personal information to Guazi; 2.36 Exceptions to obtaining authorization consentAccording to relevant laws and regulations, we do not need your authorization or consent to collect and use your personal information in the following circumstances: (1) It is necessary to conclude and perform a contract to which an individual is a party, or to implement human resources management in accordance with labor rules and regulations formulated in accordance with the law and collective contracts signed in accordance with the law; (2) It is necessary to perform statutory duties or obligations; (3) It is necessary to respond to public health emergencies, or to protect the life, health and property safety of natural persons in an emergency; (4) It is necessary to process personal information within a reasonable scope for news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest; (5) It is necessary to process personal information that an individual has disclosed on his own or that has been legally disclosed within a reasonable scope in accordance with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China; (6) Other circumstances prescribed by laws and regulations. 2.37 Please understand that the products and services we provide to you are constantly changing and updating. The above description may not cover the products and services that we change from time to time (such as certain experimental, test functions or modules), but we will supplement you with the purpose, method and scope of personal information collection after the changes through interactive interfaces, text prompts, etc. These interactive interfaces, text prompts and other rules together constitute part of these rules. III. How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information? (I) Sharing 3.1We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual, unless the following circumstances exist or otherwise provided for in this Agreement: (1) You have authorized us in advance (2) You have proposed it yourself (3) Necessary sharing with business partners You understand and know that in order to provide you with more complete and high-quality products and services, we will authorize business partners to provide you with some services. In this case, we may share some of your personal information with our partners to provide better customer service and user experience. Please note that we will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary to provide services. We will conduct security assessments and processing on the output form, circulation and use of information data to protect data security. At the same time, we will strictly supervise and manage our partners. Once we find that they have violated the regulations in handling personal information, we will immediately stop cooperation and pursue their legal responsibilities. 3.2 We may share your personal information with our affiliates. We will only share necessary personal information in accordance with the provisions of these rules, and such sharing is subject to the purposes stated in these rules. If an affiliate wants to change the purpose of processing personal information, it will obtain your authorization and consent again. 3.3When the auto finance service you choose is provided by a third-party partner of the financial service provider, the financial service provider will share certain personal information you provide under the auto finance service with the third-party partner to facilitate the partner to review your financing application. We will obtain your separate consent before sharing. Such third-party partner, as an independent personal information processor, will obtain your consent and process your personal information in its own name. The third-party partner may have its own independent personal information processing rules/privacy policy and user service agreement. We recommend that you read and comply with the user service agreement and personal information processing rules/privacy policy of the partner when using the service. 3.4 For the purpose of statistical analysis, providing you with accurate push services, one-click login of third-party accounts, payment, etc., our products may integrate third-party SDKs or other similar applications. SDK technology is provided by third-party organizations, and their collection and processing of information is subject to their own personal information processing rules, and is not subject to these rules. In order to maximize the security of your information, we recommend that you review its privacy terms/personal information processing rules before using any third-party SDK services.You can click on the hyperlink "Guazi Used Car Third-Party Shared Personal Information List" https://sta.guazi.com/i/personal-info-third-bill.html to view the directory of Guazi Used Car's access to third-party SDKs and the list of information shared with third parties for the identity of third-party SDK partners, the purpose, method, and scope of collecting personal information. 3.5 In order to push relevant vehicle advertising information to you through advertisers, entrust advertising analysts to process information related to advertising delivery, coverage, and effectiveness to further assist in advertising decision-making and improve the effective reach of advertising, and evaluate the effectiveness of advertising delivery, etc., we may provide your device information to our cooperative advertising publishers and analysts for advertising delivery, analysis, and evaluation, and verify the authenticity and uniqueness of your device for the purpose of preventing security risks and fraud, so as to enhance your service experience. The aforementioned advertising publishers and analysts include: Ocean Engine https://ad.oceanengine.com; Magnet Engine https://ad.e.kuaishou.com; Tencent Advertising: https://e.qq.com. 3.6In order for our customer service to handle your complaints, suggestions, or understand your intention to sell or buy a car in a more professional, efficient and timely manner, we may entrust a partner to process your personal information so that the entrusted partner can use its professional technology to assist us in providing you with the above services. We will agree with the entrusted partner on the purpose, duration, processing method, type of personal information, protection measures, and the rights and obligations of both parties, and supervise the entrusted partner's personal information processing activities. (II) Transfer 3.6 Transfer means the transfer of control over your personal information to another company, organization or individual. Unless you have obtained your explicit consent or the circumstances in Article 3.8 exist, we will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual. However, the following circumstances are excluded: (1) Your consent has been obtained in advance; (2) You propose it yourself; (3) If the company undergoes a merger, division, dissolution, or is declared bankrupt, it may involve the transfer of personal information. In this case, we will inform you of the name or name and contact information of the recipient and require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy. If the recipient changes the purpose or method of processing personal information, we will require it to obtain your explicit consent again; (4) Other circumstances specified by laws and regulations. (III) Public Disclosure 3.7Public disclosure refers to the act of releasing information to the public or to an unspecified group of people. We will comply with relevant laws and regulations and keep your personal information confidential. We will not disclose your personal information publicly unless we obtain your separate consent in advance or it is necessary in accordance with legal provisions. (IV) Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent when sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing personal information 3.8 According to relevant laws and regulations, in the following circumstances, sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing your personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent: (1) It is necessary to conclude or perform a contract to which an individual is a party, or to implement human resources management in accordance with labor rules and regulations formulated in accordance with the law and collective contracts signed in accordance with the law; (2) It is necessary to perform statutory duties or obligations; (3) It is necessary to respond to public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations; (4) To carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision, and other activities for the public interest, and process personal information within a reasonable scope; (5) To process personal information that an individual has disclosed on his own or that has been legally disclosed within a reasonable scope in accordance with the provisions of the "Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China"; (6) Other circumstances prescribed by laws and regulations. IV. How we store your personal information 4.1During your use of Guazi services, we will continue to store your personal information, but the sensitive personal information such as your ID number and bank card number provided during the contract signing process will only be used for transaction signing. We will not store or use the sensitive personal information for the contract signing on the online APP. 4.2 After you no longer use Guazi services, we will continue to store your personal information within the shortest retention period required by laws and regulations. When the above retention period is exceeded, we will anonymize it, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations. 4.3 Your personal information collected by us will be stored and used in mainland China. 4.4 Guazi currently does not provide personal information overseas. If personal information is transferred overseas in the future, we will comply with relevant regulations on cross-border provision of personal information, and clearly inform you of the purpose, scope, processing method, recipient and contact information, security measures, etc. of the transfer of personal information abroad, and obtain your separate consent. V. Security protection measures for personal information and handling of security incidents 5.1 Guazi has passed the information system security level protection level 3 certification. Guazi adopts strict security systems and industry-standard security technologies and procedures to try to ensure that your personal information is not lost, leaked, damaged or accessed or used without authorization. 5.2 Guazi adopts the following security technical measures to protect your personal information: (1) User personal information is encrypted and stored on the server and stored through data isolation technology; (2) Encrypted transmission protocol is used during data transmission;(3) Strictly control data access rights and establish a complete sensitive data access rights application and approval system; (4) Establish a data security monitoring and audit system to conduct comprehensive data security control. 5.3 Guazi also takes other security measures to protect your personal information (1) Establish an information security department to coordinate and manage data security work and promote various data security activities; (2) Designate a person in charge of personal information protection to supervise personal information processing activities and protection measures taken; (3) Guazi internally promulgates and implements data security management specifications, and clearly conducts project risk assessments on user data (including user personal information data); (4) Sign confidentiality agreements with confidential employees and service outsourcing companies and their dispatched personnel, and strictly limit data access rights in accordance with job responsibilities; (5) Regularly carry out information security education and training for all Guazi employees and outsourced service personnel; (6) Regularly conduct compliance audits on personal information processing. 5.4 In order to deal with possible security risks such as leakage, damage, and loss of personal information, an emergency plan for network security incidents has been formulated. 5.5 Once a security incident occurs, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and risks of the incident, the measures we have taken or will take, and suggestions on how you can reduce the risks yourself in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. 5.6We will promptly inform affected users of security incidents through push notifications, phone calls, etc. When it is difficult to inform users one by one, we will issue warning information through announcements. 5.7 If Guazi ceases operations, we will publish an announcement on Guazi at least 30 days in advance and stop collecting personal information in a timely manner. 5.8 After ceasing operations, we will stop the commercial use of personal information and anonymize the collected personal information after meeting the shortest retention period required by laws and regulations. VI. How you manage your personal information We attach great importance to and promise to do our best to protect your rights to your personal information. 6.1 You can access the personal data and transaction orders you provide through your account on Guazi. 6.2 Update and obtain your personal information. If you need to update and obtain your personal information, you can go to the personal center interface through "Settings" in the upper right corner of the "My" interface on the APP and click "Personal Information" to update and obtain the personal information you submitted to Guazi. 6.3Delete personal information. If you wish to delete your personal information, in order to provide you with necessary used car trading services, we will only collect your necessary personal information including registered mobile phone number, ID number, bank card number and other necessary personal information through the APP client based on your authorization. The above personal information is necessary for us to provide services. If you refuse authorization or delete it, we will not be able to provide you with basic trading services. If you need to further delete the above necessary personal information, you can apply to cancel your account through the APP "Personal Center-Settings-System Permissions and Account Security-Cancel Account". After verifying your identity, you can submit a cancellation application. If your transactions with Guazi and all parties have been legally and normally terminated and Guazi's storage of your necessary personal information meets the minimum storage period required by laws and regulations, we will delete or anonymize your necessary personal information. Your necessary personal information will remain inaccessible and inaccessible. During the minimum storage period required by laws and regulations, we will no longer use your necessary personal information for commercial purposes. However, when Guazi is in the following circumstances, your application to delete personal information will not be subject to the minimum storage period required by laws and regulations: (1) Guazi collects and uses your personal information in violation of the provisions of laws and administrative regulations; (2) collects and uses your personal information in violation of the agreement between us. In addition to the above, we will proactively delete your personal information if any of the following circumstances occur, and you also have the right to request us to delete it:(1) The purpose of processing has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of processing; (2) We have stopped providing products or services, or the retention period has expired; (3) You have explicitly withdrawn your consent; (4) If you have sufficient reasons to believe that we have violated laws, administrative regulations or agreements in processing your personal information; (5) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations. 6.4 To change the scope of system permissions you have authorized or withdraw your authorization, you can go to the "Settings" in the upper right corner of the "My" interface on the APP to enter the personal center interface and click "System Permissions and Account Security", click to delete information, turn off device functions to turn on, turn off, modify the scope of system permissions, and turn on or off the permission to share personal information. You can also cancel your account by withdrawing all your authorizations to us to continue to collect and use your personal information. Please understand that each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. After you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will continue to provide you with the basic functions of the APP, but we will not be able to continue to provide you with the personalized services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, and will no longer process your corresponding personal information; however, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization. 6.5If you need to transfer your personal information to other platforms, companies or organizations, you can contact us through the methods disclosed in these rules. We will review your request and, subject to the conditions stipulated by my country's cybersecurity and informatization authorities, we will provide you with a way to transfer the relevant personal information. 6.6 In some business functions, we may make decisions based solely on non-manual automatic decision-making mechanisms, including information systems and algorithms. If these decisions significantly affect your legal rights and interests, you have the right to ask us for an explanation, and we will provide appropriate relief. 6.7 Subject to the requirements of relevant laws, your close relatives may exercise the above-mentioned rights to review, copy, correct, and delete your relevant personal information, unless you have made other arrangements. 6.8To cancel your account, you can apply for account cancellation in the APP "Personal Center-Settings-System Permissions and Account Security-Cancel Account". Unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, Guazi will stop providing services to you and delete your personal information in accordance with legal requirements, unless your specific personal information is your personal information that Guazi should store within the statutory period in accordance with these rules. After the expiration of the storage period, we will anonymize your personal information. After you cancel your account, you cannot re-register your account through the Guazi APP with the same mobile phone number. If you have other needs to re-register your account or cancel your account, you can contact us according to the contact information provided in these rules. We will review the issues involved within 15 working days and respond promptly after verifying your user identity. 6.9 In order to provide the following services, we will ask for your consent again through pop-up windows to enable the following permissions. Agreeing to enable this permission is deemed that you authorize us to access, obtain, collect and use your personal information; but you can change the scope of your authorization in the following ways. When you cancel this authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the following corresponding services; but your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of personal information based on your previous authorization. (1) In order to more accurately recommend vehicles or buyers to you, we need to obtain your location information. You can enable or disable such permissions through "My-Settings-System Permissions-Location Information Permissions". (2)In order to promptly notify you of updates to the information you are concerned about, we need to push information to you. You can enable or disable such permissions through "My-Settings-System Permissions-Notification Permissions". (3) In order to facilitate communication between you and service personnel, better feedback on your opinions or complaints, and when you use auto financial services to collect photos or videos, we need to access your camera. You can enable or disable such permissions through "My-Settings-System Permissions-Camera". (4) In order to facilitate communication between you and service personnel, better feedback on your opinions or complaints, we need to access your photo album to complete the upload of photos. You can enable or disable such permissions through "My-Settings-System Permissions-Photo Albums". 6.10 Response to your above request: For security and identity reasons, you may not be able to directly access, query, correct or delete certain information (such as some of your usage records and related information) through the Guazi interactive interface; if you really need to access, query, modify or request deletion of such information in accordance with the law, and if you exercise the rights of transfer, explanation, and the rights of the deceased's next of kin in accordance with the law, please send your questions to the designated contact email address via email according to the contact information provided in these rules. We will review the issues involved within 15 working days and respond promptly after verifying your user identity. 6.11 When the rights you wish to exercise conflict with relevant laws and regulations in the following circumstances, we will not be able to respond to your request for personal information: (1)Directly related to national security and national defense security; (2) Directly related to public security, public health, and major public interests; (3) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment; (4) There is sufficient evidence to show that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights; (5) Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations. (6) Related to our performance of obligations prescribed by laws and regulations. VII. Protection of Minors 7.1 Our products and services are mainly for adults. Without the consent of their parents or guardians, minors should not create their own personal information subject accounts. 7.2 Compared with ordinary small commodities, used car transactions are transactions with larger amounts and more complicated processes. During your use of Guazi, we presume that you have the corresponding civil capacity. If you are a minor (especially a minor under the age of 14), we require you to ask your parents or other guardians to read this policy carefully, and use our services or provide us with information with the consent of your parents or other guardians. 7.3 If you/your guardian disagree with any of the contents of these rules, you should immediately stop using Guazi's services. 7.4We will protect the confidentiality and security of minors' user information in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations and the provisions of these Rules. If we find that we have collected personal information of minors without obtaining the verifiable consent of their parents or legal guardians in advance, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible. VIII. How we update personal information protection rules 8.1. If the following changes occur to Guazi, we will revise these rules accordingly: (1) Guazi's business functions change; (2) The region where user personal information is stored changes; (3) The rules for using user personal information change; (4) Our contact information and complaint channels change; (5) Other changes that may affect the security of user personal information or affect user privacy rights. 8.2. When the purpose, method, and scope of collecting and using personal information in these rules change, we will use APP push notifications or pop-up windows to publicize them to you; if you do not accept the changed content, you can still use Guazi's basic functions, but Guazi will no longer be able to provide you with personalized vehicle source recommendation services based on the collection and use of personal information, and Guazi will still bear relevant responsibilities in accordance with the personal information processing rules before the modification. 8.3. Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce your rights under these rules. 8.4. Unless otherwise specified, the revised personal information processing rules will take effect from the date of implementation. IX. How to contact us 9.1.If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about these Rules and personal information protection, please contact our personal information protection officer through the following email address: 898 Innovation Space, Jiangtai Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, email address: privacy@guazi.com, or please contact our customer service team at 400-066-8780. Generally, we will reply within 15 days. X. Others 10.1 For any dispute arising from these Rules and our handling of your personal information, you should apply for litigation to the People's Court where the Guazi contact address is located. 10.2 If you believe that our handling of personal information has damaged your legal rights and interests, you can also report it to the relevant government departments.