Leisu Sports Privacy Policy - Leisu Sports Official Website Leisu Sports Privacy Policy Updated: September 23, 2022 Effective Date: September 27, 2022 [Foreword] Welcome to the services provided by "Leisu Sports" (hereinafter referred to as "we")! We are well aware of the importance of personal information to you, and solemnly promise to protect the personal information and privacy security of users who use Leisu Sports (hereinafter referred to as "users" or "you"). When you use Leisu Sports, we may collect and use your relevant personal information (hereinafter referred to as "information"). We hope to explain to you through the Leisu Sports Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the "Privacy Policy") the corresponding processing rules and other related matters when we collect and use your personal information, so as to better protect your rights and interests. [Special Tips] Before using Leisu Sports, please read carefully (minors please read with the guardian) and understand the Privacy Policy (especially the content marked in bold or underlined) to make appropriate choices. When you agree to the Privacy Policy, you have agreed that we will process your relevant personal information in accordance with the Privacy Policy. Unless you have read and accepted all the terms of the Privacy Policy, you should not use Leisu Sports. Our products/services contain or link to information and/or third-party services provided by third parties (including any third-party applications, websites, products, services, etc.).These information/services are operated by a third party. Your use of this information/service is subject to the rules for the collection and use of personal information that the third party has separately explained to you, and is not subject to the Privacy Policy. Contents 1. Definition 2. How we collect and use your personal information 3. How we use COOKIES or similar technologies 4. Information we may share, transfer and disclose 5. How we retain and store information 6. How we protect information security 7. Your rights to personal information 8. Third-party services 9. Terms for the protection of personal information of minors 10. Notices and amendments 11. How to contact us 1. Definition Our products/services: including but not limited to the "Leisu Sports" software, iOS and Android platform mobile applications (hereinafter referred to as "APP"), websites, WeChat applets, public accounts, and other services (including off-site services, such as our advertising services and the plug-ins mentioned in Article 8 "Third-party Services" of the Privacy Policy) Personal information: refers to various information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. The personal information covered in the Privacy Policy includes: personal identity information (including real name, ID type, ID number and face recognition information); basic personal information (including birthday, gender, mobile phone number, email address);Personal virtual property information (transaction and consumption records, Thunder Speed ​​​​Coins, Thunder Speed ​​​​Coupons, Gold Coins, and Thunder Speed ​​Sports Membership Level, Membership Time Limit); Personal financial information (including bank card number, bank account opening bank, bank card reserved mobile phone number). Personal sensitive information: refers to personal information that may endanger personal and property safety, easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment, etc. once leaked, illegally provided or abused. Network information: including WLAN access points, base stations and other sensor information, IP addresses, network access methods, network quality data, mobile network operator information, etc. Device information: including hardware model, device MAC address, operating system type, browser type, software list, device sensor data (acceleration sensor, gravity sensor), unique device identification code (such as Android ID/IMEI/IDFA, including information describing the basic situation of personal commonly used devices). The above device information cannot be used alone to identify you. If we combine the above information with other information to identify you, or use it in combination with personal information, the above information will be deemed as personal information during the period of combined use. Unless you authorize us or otherwise required by laws and regulations, we will de-identify the above device information collected and used, and will only use specific codes that cannot be directly associated with your identity for data analysis and other processing activities, and will not associate it with your real identity.Geographic location information: information reflecting the location of the device, including precise geographic location information obtained through GPS information, WLAN access points, Bluetooth and base stations and other sensor information, and approximate geographic location information obtained through other network information (such as IP address). Children: refers to minors under the age of 14. Minors: natural persons under the age of 18. Minors over the age of 16 who rely on their own labor income as their main source of livelihood are deemed to have full civil capacity. II. How we collect and use your personal information (I) Situations in which you must authorize us to collect and use your personal information Our products/services include some core functions, which include functions necessary for normal use of information browsing (event information, data and other information), information release (community, lightning number, prediction number, interactive schedule), interactive communication (chat room), in-app consumption, and functions necessary for improving our products and/or services and ensuring transaction security. To achieve the above functions, we will collect and use some personal information related to you based on your authorization and consent. If you refuse to provide relevant authorization, you may not be able to use the functions of some products and/or services. These features include: 1. Registration If you want to use our products/services, you first need to register a Leisu Sports account. When registering, you need to provide us with the following registration information: your mobile phone number (for receiving voice SMS verification code),The password for the Leisu Sports account you intend to set. After registration is completed, your account nickname is blank by default. You can add or modify your avatar, account nickname, mobile phone number (need to be re-verified by voice SMS), and email address (for email verification), all of which belong to your account information. Account information will help us provide you with a better product experience, but if you do not provide account information, it will not affect your use of the basic functions of Leisu Sports. In addition, when you upload/change your avatar, we will request your camera permission, album read and write permission/storage permission, and collect the pictures you upload/change. If you complete the registration of Leisu Sports through your personal WeChat account, QQ account, or Weibo account, you may jump to the relevant page to authorize the third-party plug-ins integrated in our products/services to collect and use your personal information. For details, please see "VIII. Third-party Services". At the same time, you authorize us to obtain relevant information under the third-party account you log in (such as nickname, avatar, etc., subject to the authorization content you provide to the third party), which is used to bind with the Leisu Sports account so that you can log in directly and use our products/services. 2. Real-name authentication In accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, you need to perform real-name authentication before using specific functions and services. Based on your authorization or active provision, we will collect your personal identity information. In accordance with relevant national laws and regulations,Specific functions that require real-name authentication include: you interact in the chat room, you publish information through the community/Rayspeed number/forecast number/interactive schedule, you purchase specific products or services through Leisu Sports, you support the author of the forecast plan of the community/Rayspeed number/forecast number, and you comment on the information of Leisu Sports. Before you use the aforementioned specific functions for the first time, you need to provide your personal identity information and real-name mobile phone number according to the system prompts, and you agree that we will provide, query, and verify the authenticity of your identity to legal and qualified relevant institutions (such as personal credit reporting institutions, government agencies, etc.) by ourselves or by entrusting a third party. If you do not provide personal identity information, we will not be able to provide you with the above functions. Of course, our real-name authentication for you does not exclude your obligation to protect your personal information. You are responsible for keeping your account information properly. We do not assume any responsibility for the consequences of the leakage, tampering, deletion, etc. of related personal information caused by the leakage of your account or password due to your own reasons. 3. Information browsing You can accurately find the information or information you need through search. We will retain your search content to facilitate your repeated input or to display products or services related to your search content. When you use the search function, the most recent copy information on your clipboard will be displayed on the search page to quickly provide you with the content you need.Please rest assured that we will only display the information that was copied to your clipboard the most recently. We will not collect your clipboard or upload the aforementioned information to our server. We will only collect the information for the purpose of realizing the search function after you confirm to fill in the aforementioned information in the search box and click on search. 4. Information Release (1) When you publish, comment, or reply to content through the community, Leisu number, forecast number, interactive schedule, and information comment function, we will collect the content you publish and display your nickname, avatar, published content, and publishing time. (2) When you publish pictures or audio in the above functions, we will request you to authorize the camera permission, album read and write permission/storage permission, and microphone permission of your device in the form of a pop-up window so that we can obtain the pictures and audio and video you want to publish. If you refuse to authorize the relevant permissions, you will not be able to use the information release function, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of Leisu Sports. 5. Interactive Communication When you participate in interactive communication through chat rooms and interactive schedules, we will collect the information you publish and display your nickname, avatar, published content, and membership level. 6. In-app purchases (1) Orders When you are ready to purchase specific virtual properties (Lensu coins, gold coins, memberships) through Leisu Sports, the Leisu Sports system will generate an order pop-up window for you to purchase the relevant virtual property. The pop-up window will state the type of product you are purchasing, the amount you should pay, and the payment methods you can use.All of the above information constitutes your "order information". We will use your personal identity information and your order information in combination to provide you with services such as identity verification, transaction confirmation, payment settlement, order inquiry, and customer service consultation and after-sales service; we will also use your order information to determine whether there are any abnormalities in your transaction to protect your transaction security. (2) Payment [For Android users] After you place an order, you can choose the payment service provided by "Alipay" or "Yibao Payment", a third-party payment institution that cooperates with Leisu Sports. If you choose to use "Alipay", its payment function itself does not collect your personal information, but we need to share your Leisu Sports order number and transaction amount information with the Alipay platform so that it can confirm your payment instructions and complete the payment. If you choose to use "Yibao Payment", you need to provide your personal financial information (including bank card number, card expiration date, CVV2, bank card reserved mobile phone number) to the Yibao payment platform on its interface. Leisu Sports does not collect relevant information. [For iOS users] In the Leisu Sports client on the iOS system, you must use the IAP payment mechanism (i.e. In-App Purchase) to purchase products or services. You should use your regular Apple ID on your personal iOS device to ensure the security of the transaction. We will collect your transaction receipts and charging receipts for IAP payments.To confirm the transaction status and resolve after-sales disputes. Virtual assets such as Thunder Speed ​​Coins, Thunder Speed ​​Coupons, Gold Coins, and Memberships between iOS and other system types of devices are calculated independently and are not interoperable. The relevant virtual assets purchased by you using an iOS device can only be used on an iOS device. (3) Delivery of products After you place an order and choose to complete the payment online, we will deliver the order. You know and agree that we will use your order information in the above links to ensure that the virtual property you purchased can be safely delivered. (4) Customer Service and After-Sales Our telephone/online customer service will use your account information and order information during the service process and after-sales service. To ensure the security of your account, our telephone customer service and online customer service will use your account information to verify your identity. When you need us to provide pre-sales consultation or customer service and after-sales service related to your order information, we will query your access records or order information. You may provide other information in addition to the above information when communicating with our customer service staff. When you contact us, we may save your communication/call records and content, or the contact information and related information you leave, in order to contact you or help you solve the problem, or record the solution and results of the relevant problem. 7. Push notifications and messages required by the product/service itself to youWe may send you service-related notifications when necessary (for example, when we suspend, change, or terminate a single service due to system maintenance); we may also push content and other notifications through the mobile device system. We cooperate with the following third-party platforms on push notification and information functions: (1) Umeng and Bugly are mainly used for statistics and error log collection to help users identify and solve problems when the app crashes. (2) Jiguang Push is mainly a push service, providing basic assistance based on the notification service provided by users for the product itself. In order to ensure that this application can receive push information normally when it is closed or running in the background, this application must use the (self-start) capability, which will have a certain frequency of sending broadcasts through the system to wake up this application to start or associate startup behavior, which is necessary for the realization of push functions and services. For details on the content, scope and purpose of the collection and use of your personal information by third-party services cooperating with Leisu Sports, please see "VIII. Third-party Services". If you do not want to continue to receive notifications or messages pushed by us, you can stop providing us with authorization for the push function through the "My-Push Settings" of the Leisu Sports APP. 8. Recommended Advertisement Display In order to achieve accurate push and optimized display of advertising content, we will collect your device information, log information, network information, and some of your information on third-party platforms that we indirectly obtain through our third-party partners.Used to extract your preference features and match you with corresponding commercial advertisements. In the process of recommending advertisements to you, we strive to use advanced technology to properly protect your personal information. We will use de-identification technology and intelligent algorithms based on machine learning, model prediction, etc. to ensure that your personal identity is not required during the entire advertising recommendation process. Our advertising partners can only view information related to advertising effects and cannot identify you. In the Leisu Sports APP, you can turn off the recommended advertising push function through the "My-Settings-Recommended Advertising Display" function. 9. Provide you with security protection In order to improve the security of your use of services provided by our company and partners, protect the personal and property safety of you or other users or the public from infringement, better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusions and other security risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or Leisu Sports related agreement rules. We may use or integrate your device information and network information collected by us to comprehensively judge your account security and transaction risks, conduct identity authentication, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis and disposal measures in accordance with the law. 10. Improve our services If you report problems you encounter while using Leisu Sports to us, with your consent, we may collect the "recent error log" in your device information and obtain your access to the album read and write permissions/storage permissions to obtain screenshot information.We will discover product problems through your feedback and improve and optimize Leisu Sports. In order to ensure the stable operation of the software and services, more accurately locate and solve the problems you encounter when using the software, improve and optimize the software service experience, and ensure the security of your account, we will collect your hardware model, operating system version number, device serial number, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), International Mobile Subscriber Identity (IMSI), device application installation list, SD card data, clipboard, independent device identifier (Android ID/IDFA/OpenUDID/GUID/OAID). In order to realize the shake function of the open screen advertisement, we will collect your device sensor data (acceleration sensor). 11. Retrieve account and change mobile phone number If you need to retrieve a Leisu Sports account you used in the past, with your consent, we will use your real-name mobile phone number and facial recognition information to verify your identity with a legal and qualified partner service provider. In this process, we will collect the verification results of facial recognition, but will not collect or store your facial recognition information. If you need to change the mobile phone number bound to your Leisu Sports account, with your consent, we will collect your mobile phone number information (including the original mobile phone number bound to the account and the new mobile phone number to be changed) to verify your identity with the partner service provider. If the original mobile phone number bound to your account is currently unavailable, in order to prevent criminals from using this function to steal your account,With your consent, we will use your facial recognition information to verify your identity with our partner service providers. During this process, we will collect the verification results of facial recognition, but will not collect or store your facial recognition information. 12. Account cancellation If you need to cancel your Leisu Sports account, you can do so through Leisu Sports APP-My-Settings-Account and Security-Account cancellation. For the cancellation process and instructions, please refer to the "Cancellation Risk Description" after clicking "Account Cancellation". In order to prevent criminals from using this function to infringe upon your rights and interests, with your consent, we will use your personal identity information and facial recognition information to verify your identity with our partner service providers. During this process, we will collect the verification results of facial recognition, but will not collect or store your facial recognition information. 13. Other Uses Please note that if we want to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in the Privacy Policy or collect additional personal information not mentioned in the Privacy Policy, we will explain to you in detail the collection, use purpose, method, scope and other rules of the corresponding information in a reasonable manner (including but not limited to updating the Privacy Policy, re-signing documents, page prompts, pop-ups, in-site letters, emails, website announcements or other methods that are easy for you to know), and collect and use it after obtaining your authorization and consent. Once you agree, such additional uses will be deemed part of the Privacy Policy, and the protection rules of such additional personal information will also be subject to the Privacy Policy. (II)You can choose to provide device permissions on your own. To improve your user experience, we may collect and use your personal information based on the relevant permissions of the mobile device operating system that you authorize. If you do not provide relevant authorization, you can still use the information browsing service, but you will not be able to use some information publishing and interactive communication services. 1. For users of the Android system When you use Leisu Sports, Leisu Sports may obtain the following permissions on your terminal device: (1) We need your consent to obtain and use storage permissions, including reading and writing of device memory and SD card (purpose: when you apply for Leisu number and prediction number publishing permissions, modify Leisu number and prediction number account avatars, modify Leisu number and prediction number avatars, use chat rooms, community posts, interactive schedules, and upload and save pictures when consulting customer service) (2) We need your consent to obtain and use device information permissions, including obtaining device ID (AndroidID, OAID, ICCID, BSSID, SSID obtained once during the process) information and mobile phone number information (purpose: to normally receive event information, news and other content pushed by Leisu Sports; for advertising purposes) (3) We need your consent to obtain and use camera permissions (purpose: used when taking photos and uploading photos, for posting and setting avatars; sending picture messages when consulting customer service (4) The system will allow Leisu Sports to obtain network connection permissions by default (purpose: to connect to Leisu Sports servers normally and obtain data)(5) We need your consent to obtain and use microphone permissions (purpose: to consult customer service and send voice messages) (6) The system will by default allow Leisu Sports to obtain network information status permissions, such as whether the current network connection is valid (purpose: to detect the network status operating environment and ensure that users can use all APP functions normally) (7) The system will by default allow the program to obtain the current WIFI access status and WLAN hotspot information (purpose: to detect the wireless network operating environment and ensure that users can use all Leisu Sports functions normally under the wireless network) 2. For users using iOS system When you use Leisu Sports, this software may obtain the following permissions of your terminal device: (1) We need your consent to use the read and write permissions to access the album (purpose: when you apply for Leisu Number and Prediction Number publishing permissions, modify Leisu Number and Prediction Number avatars, use chat rooms, community posts, and upload and save pictures during interactive schedules) (2) We need your consent to use camera permissions (purpose: used when taking and uploading photos, for posting and setting avatars) (3) We need your consent to use notification permissions (purpose: to receive normal event information, news, etc. pushed by Leisu Sports) (4) The system will allow Leisu Sports to obtain the device system time by default (purpose: to calibrate with the Leisu Sports server time to improve data accuracy)(5) If the iOS system version you are using is 10.0 or above, we need your consent to obtain network information permissions; if the iOS system version you are using is below 10.0, the system will allow the app to obtain network information permissions by default (purpose: to detect the network status operating environment, such as confirming whether the current network connection is valid, ensuring that all functions of the app are normal, etc.) (6) The system will allow the app to run in the background after the phone screen is turned off by default (purpose: to keep the app running normally when the screen is off, you can turn it off in the system settings) (III) Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent According to relevant laws and regulations, the collection of your information in the following circumstances does not require your authorization and consent: (1) related to national security and national defense security; (2) related to public safety, public health, and major public interests; (3) related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; (4) for the purpose of safeguarding the major legitimate rights and interests of the information subject or other individuals such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain your consent; (5) The information collected is disclosed to the public by you on your own; (6) Collecting information from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels; (7) Necessary to sign a contract according to your requirements; (8) Necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the website, such as discovering and handling product or service failures; (9) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.How we use COOKIES or similar technologies COOKIES or similar technologies are commonly used technologies on the Internet. When you use Leisu Sports, we may use related technologies to send one or more COOKIES or anonymous identifiers to your device to collect and store information about your access and use of our products/services, including your website visit habits, your browsing information, and your account information. By using COOKIES, we provide users with a simple, easy-to-use and distinctive online experience. A COOKIES is a small amount of data that is sent from a web server to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use COOKIES to benefit users and will mainly use them for the following purposes: (1) Remember your identity. For example: COOKIES or similar technologies help us identify you as our registered user, or save your preferences or other information you provide to us; (2) Analyze your use of our services. We may use COOKIES or similar technologies to understand what activities you use Leisu Sports for, or which services or services are most popular. We promise not to use COOKIES for any other purpose other than the purposes stated in the Privacy Policy. You can refuse or manage COOKIES through your browser or user selection mechanism. Please refer to the files attached to your browser for more information in this regard.However, please note that if you disable or clear COOKIES, we may not be able to provide you with the best service experience, and some services that rely on COOKIES may not work properly. IV. Information We May Share, Transfer or Disclose (I) Sharing We will not share your information with any third party without your consent, unless such information cannot be identified or associated with your identity after processing, and the third party cannot re-identify the subject of such information. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and will only share necessary personal information. If we share your personal sensitive information, we will ask for your authorization again. If a third party changes or uses your personal information beyond the scope of your original authorization, we will ask the third party to obtain your authorization again. Before cooperating with all third parties, we will strictly require partners to fulfill the necessary obligations and responsibilities for personal information protection and sign a protection agreement on data security. To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, in order to comply with the law, protect the interests, property or safety of us and our affiliates or partners, you or other users of the website or the public from damage, such as to prevent illegal activities such as fraud and reduce credit risks, we may exchange information with government agencies and other organizations. However, this does not include selling, renting, sharing or otherwise disclosing user personal information for profit in violation of the commitments made in the Privacy Policy.1. Sharing necessary to realize our services/functions As described in “II. How we collect and use information”, in order to complete the real-name authentication process and verify the authenticity of your identity, we will share the collected personal identity information with legal and qualified partner service providers. In addition, to help you retrieve your account, change your mobile phone number or cancel your Leisu Sports account, and to prevent criminals from using such functions to infringe upon your rights and interests, we will share the collected mobile phone number with legal and qualified partner service providers to further verify the authenticity of your identity. 2. Necessary sharing with some business partners You understand and agree that we may need to share some of your information with some business partners for the purpose of necessary/reasonable business development, meeting your requirements, fulfilling our obligations in the relevant user agreements or the Privacy Policy, exercising our rights or complying with legal provisions. Our business partners include: (1) Partners who provide marketing services (including advertising and marketing) In order to provide you with various exciting content and commercial information display and notification, we may share your de-identified device information with designated partners who provide such services. For the sake of your information security, we currently only cooperate with partners who have signed strict data security and confidentiality agreements. (2) Partners who entrust us to carry out information promotion and advertising You authorize us to share your de-identified device information with partners who entrust us to carry out information promotion and advertising.We use the indirect user profiles formed by the collection of user-related information including you, which cannot identify you or other users, and the analytical/statistical information after de-identification or anonymization, to help our partners make advertising or decision-making recommendations, improve the effective reach of advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising and related services without identifying the user's identity. Third-party SDKs or other similar applications connected to Leisu Sports will directly process your personal information. For specific collection scope and purpose of use, please refer to "VIII. Third-party Services". (II) Transfer We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances: (1) Obtain your explicit consent or authorization in advance; (2) In accordance with applicable laws, regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements; (3) In the case of mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, if personal information is transferred, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by the Privacy Policy, otherwise, we will require the company or organization to re-ask your authorization and consent; (4) Other circumstances specified in "(IV) Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent when sharing, transferring, and disclosing information" of this article. (III) Disclosure We will only disclose your information under the following circumstances and only after taking security measures that meet industry standards: (1) Disclose the information you specify in accordance with your needs and in a disclosure method that you explicitly consent to;(2) Announcement of penalties for illegal accounts, fraudulent behavior, etc. For example, if you or the Leisu Sports account you use uploads illegal content, or commits other serious violations of our platform rules, laws and regulations, we may disclose your account information and penalties. (3) When you enter the chat room function, your avatar and nickname will be displayed on the chat room interface, and other users can click to view your usage history (follow, fans, posts, replies, comments). APP annual card users can turn off the nickname display through the "My-Settings-Chat Room Privacy Protection" function. (4) When you authorize a third-party game to collect your personal information, your avatar and nickname will be displayed in the game and related functions. (5) When we must provide your information in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, mandatory administrative enforcement or judicial requirements, we may disclose your information based on the type of information requested and the method of disclosure. Subject to the premise of complying with laws and regulations, when we receive a request for the above disclosure of information, we will require the recipient to produce the corresponding legal documents, such as a subpoena or investigation letter. We firmly believe that the information we are required to provide should be as transparent as possible to the extent permitted by law. We carefully review all requests to ensure that they have a legal basis and are limited to data that administrative or judicial authorities have a legal right to obtain for specific investigation purposes. (IV) Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent when sharing, transferring, or disclosing informationIn the following circumstances, sharing, transferring, and disclosing your information does not require your prior authorization and consent: (1) related to national security and national defense security; (2) related to public security, public health, and major public interests; (3) related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; (4) for the purpose of protecting your or other individuals' major legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual; (5) information that you have disclosed to the public on your own; (6) information collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels. According to legal provisions, sharing and transferring de-identified information and ensuring that the data recipient cannot restore and re-identify the subject of personal information does not constitute external sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of personal information. The storage and processing of such data will not require separate notification to you and your consent. V. How we retain and store information (I) Retention period We retain your information only for the shortest period necessary for the purposes stated in the Privacy Policy or within the time limit required by laws and regulations. For example, when you use our registration function, we need to collect your real-name mobile phone number. After you provide it and while you use this function, we need to continue to retain your mobile phone number in order to provide you with this function normally and protect the security of your account and system.After the above storage period has expired, or when you exercise your right to delete personal information or cancel your account, we will delete or anonymize your personal information. However, in the following circumstances, we may adjust the storage period of personal information to comply with legal requirements: (1) To comply with applicable laws and regulations and other relevant provisions (for example, the "E-Commerce Law" stipulates that the storage period for product and service information and transaction information shall not be less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction); (2) To comply with court judgments, rulings or other legal procedures; (3) To comply with the requirements of relevant government agencies or legally authorized organizations; (4) To safeguard the public interest and to protect the personal and property safety or other legitimate rights and interests of our users, us or our affiliates, other users or employees. (II) Cessation of operation If we cease to operate our products or services, we will promptly stop the collection of your personal information, notify you of the cessation of operation in the form of push notifications or announcements, and delete or anonymize the personal information held within a reasonable period of time. (III) Domestic Storage The information we collect and generate during our operations within the territory of the People’s Republic of China is stored within China, except in the following circumstances: (1) where there are clear provisions in laws and regulations; (2) where we obtain your authorization and consent; (3) where the products and services you use involve cross-border activities and we need to provide your information overseas.In view of the above circumstances, we will ensure that your personal information is adequately protected in accordance with the Privacy Policy and national laws and regulations, and strictly require the recipient to process your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Policy and relevant laws and regulations. VI. How we protect information security We attach great importance to the security of personal information, have established a special security team, and take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your information. (I) Data security technical measures We will adopt security protection measures that meet industry standards, including establishing reasonable system specifications and security technologies to prevent your information from being accessed, used, or modified without authorization, and to avoid data damage or loss. Network services adopt a variety of encryption technologies. When using information, such as information display and information association calculation, we will use a variety of data desensitization technologies to enhance the security of information in use. Strict data access permission control and multiple identity authentication technologies are used to protect information and prevent data from being used in violation of regulations. (II) Personal information protection management measures We have set up a full-time department for personal information protection, and manage the storage and use of standardized information by establishing a data classification and grading system, data security management specifications, and data security development specifications. We use information contact confidentiality agreements, monitoring and audit mechanisms to conduct comprehensive security control of data. We will also hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting information.We only allow employees who need to know this information to access your information, and we have set up strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose. We also require all personnel who may have access to your personal information to fulfill the corresponding confidentiality obligations. If you fail to fulfill these obligations, you may be held legally liable or your cooperation with Leisu Sports may be terminated. (IV) Security Incident Handling In order to deal with possible risks such as information leakage, damage and loss, we have formulated a number of systems to clarify the classification and grading standards for security incidents and security vulnerabilities and the corresponding handling procedures. We have also established a special emergency response team for security incidents. In accordance with the requirements of the security incident handling specifications, we will launch security plans for different security incidents, conduct loss prevention, analysis, positioning, formulate remedial measures, and jointly trace and combat with relevant departments. If an information security incident unfortunately occurs, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, your suggestions for self-prevention and risk reduction, and your remedial measures. We will also promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the incident by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the information subject one by one, we will take reasonable and effective ways to issue announcements. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities.Please understand that due to technical limitations and risk prevention limitations, even if we have tried our best to strengthen security measures, we cannot always guarantee 100% security of information. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access Leisu Sports may have problems due to circumstances beyond our control. The Internet is not an absolutely safe environment, and it is impossible to determine whether email, instant messaging, social software or other service software and other communication methods with other users are completely encrypted. We recommend that you use complex passwords when using such tools and pay attention to protecting your information security. At the same time, we will try our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send to us. VII. Your rights to personal information You can access, modify and cancel the account information and other personal information you provide during the use of our services. If you have any questions, you can also contact us through customer service. Contact customer service staff to query, update, provide or cancel personal information. After your Leisu Sports account is cancelled, we will stop providing you with Leisu Sports services and delete your personal information or anonymize it according to your request, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. (I) Personal information query, correction and deletion We encourage you to update/correct your personal information to make it more accurate and effective. You can access your information through Leisu Sports, and complete or request us to modify, supplement and delete it according to the corresponding information management method. We will take appropriate technical measures or provide contact channels for submitting applications.We try to ensure that you can query, update/correct your personal information or other information provided when using Leisu Sports. If you want to query, modify or delete some of your information, please log in to Leisu Sports to perform relevant operations, or contact us through the contact information stated in the "Privacy Policy" for processing. Specifically, you can query, update/correct and delete your following personal information in our products: (1) Your personal account information (for example: avatar, nickname, etc.), mobile phone number bound to the account, email address, third-party account bound to the account (WeChat, QQ, etc.). In the Leisu Sports App, you can query through the path: "My-Settings-Personal Information" and update/correct or delete some of the above information. (2) Your usage history information, including but not limited to: your browsing history, and support/follow/followed/records. In the Leisu Sports App, you can query the corresponding usage information through the path: "My-Browsing History"/"My-Follow"/"My-Fans"/"My-Records" and delete some of the above information (follow, followed, browsing history). When querying, updating/correcting and deleting the mobile phone number bound to your account, we may ask you to perform real-name authentication to ensure the security of your account information (see "II. How we collect and use information" for details).For your information collected through COOKIES or similar technologies, we also explain the selection mechanism provided to you in the "How We Use COOKIES or Similar Technologies" section of Article 2 of the Privacy Policy. (II) Obtaining a copy of personal information If you need a copy of your personal information, you can contact us through the methods provided in "XI. How to Contact Us" of the Privacy Policy. After verifying your identity, we will provide you with a copy of your personal information in our services (including your identity information, account information, order information and usage history information), except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or otherwise agreed in the Privacy Policy. (III) Changing the scope of your authorization You can always choose whether to disclose information. Some information is necessary to use our products/services, but the provision of most other information is up to you. You can change the scope of your authorization for us to continue to collect information or withdraw your authorization by deleting information, turning off device functions, etc. You can turn off location, camera, microphone, album read, write permissions/storage permissions in the device's own operating system, change the scope of your consent or withdraw your authorization. After you withdraw your authorization, we will no longer collect information related to these permissions. However, once you withdraw the relevant authorization, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to these authorizations, and will no longer process your corresponding information. However, your decision to withdraw authorization will not affect the information processing previously carried out based on your authorization.Purpose of using Jiguang Push SDK: Push product’s customized push content. To achieve full functionality, Jiguang service may remain enabled in both the foreground and background of the application. Usage scenario: used when pushing messages Collection method: SDK collection Collection data type: device identifier (including Android ID, GAID, OAID, UAID, IDFA); device hardware information (including device model, device screen resolution, device hardware manufacturer, device product name), operating system information (including operating system version, system name, system language); network information (including network type, operator name, IP address, WIFI status information); push information log; device identifier (including IMEI, MAC, IMSI); network information (including SSID, BSSID, WiFi list information, base station information); software list information (including software list and software running list information), location-related information; software list information (including software list and software running list information); Company name: Shenzhen Hexun Huagu Information Technology Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://www.jiguang.cn/push Privacy policy see: https://www.jiguang.cn/license/privacy Click to learn more IX. Protection of Personal Information of Minors (I) If you are a minorIf you are a minor, you should read and confirm the Privacy Policy with the consent and guidance of your parents or legal guardians (hereinafter collectively referred to as "guardians") before using our products/services. For minors who use our products or services with the consent of their guardians, if they are under the age of fourteen and we collect personal information of such minors, such personal information shall be considered as children's personal information. We will only use, share, transfer or disclose it when permitted by laws and regulations, with explicit and separate consent from guardians, or when it is necessary to protect minors. (II) If you are the guardian of a minor We recommend that any minor participating in online activities should obtain the consent of their guardians in advance. We encourage guardians to guide minors in using our website. We protect the personal information of minors in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of the country, and will only collect, use, store, share, transfer or disclose the personal information of minors when permitted by law, with explicit and separate consent from guardians, or when it is necessary to protect minors; if we find that we have collected the personal information of minors without obtaining verifiable guardian consent in advance, we will try to delete the relevant information as soon as possible. If you have any questions about the personal information of the minors you are protecting, please contact us through the contact information published in the Privacy Policy. (III) Our specific measures for protecting the personal information of minorsIn order to protect the safety of minors' personal information and provide more abundant and diverse high-quality content, we have developed a "teenager mode". In this mode, we will explore more high-quality content suitable for minors to browse, provide guardians with more abundant management methods, and establish strict rules for the collection and use of minors' personal information to ensure that personal information is collected and used to the minimum extent and scope. 1. If your child is under the age of 14, he/she needs your consent to use the normal mode of Leisu Sports; if you do not agree that he/she uses the normal mode of Leisu Sports, please set up "teenager mode" for him/her. 2. If your child is a minor who is over 14 years old but under 18 years old, please choose whether to set up "teenager mode" for your child according to your own needs. X. Notice and Revision (I) We may modify the terms of the "Privacy Policy" from time to time, and such modifications shall constitute part of the "Privacy Policy". We will publish the updated version of the "Privacy Policy" in our products/services, or remind you of the update of relevant content in other appropriate ways. (II) We may issue announcements related to the provision of services when necessary (for example, when we suspend a service due to system maintenance). You may not be able to opt out of these announcements that are related to the provision of services and are not promotional in nature.You can check the latest version of the Privacy Policy and other related agreements in our products/services. You have the right not to accept the revised Privacy Policy, but this may result in you needing to stop using our products/services. Special statement In view of the second paragraph of Article 496 of the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China, which stipulates that when a contract is concluded by adopting standard terms, the party providing the standard terms shall determine the rights and obligations between the parties in accordance with the principle of fairness, and take reasonable measures to remind the other party of the terms that have a significant interest in the other party, such as exemption or reduction of its liability, and explain the terms at the request of the other party. If the party providing the standard terms fails to perform the obligation to remind or explain, causing the other party to fail to notice or understand the terms that have a significant interest in it, the other party may claim that the terms do not become part of the contract. We make the following special statement in accordance with the law: Leisu Sports' obligation to draw your attention in a reasonable manner will be achieved in the following ways: in the "Privacy Policy", users will be reminded of the relevant terms in a clear and noticeable manner, such as bold fonts, italics, underlines, color markings, etc. (It should be emphasized that you should pay special attention to any terms that are not clearly marked but contain terms such as "not responsible", "exempt from liability", "shall not", etc.). Please read the above terms again before confirming your agreement to the "Privacy Policy". You confirm that the above terms do not belong to the "exemption or reduction of its liability, etc." provisions of Article 496 of the "Civil Code". XI. How to contact usOur products/services are operated by Shanghai Xuanti Information Technology Co., Ltd. Specific third-party service content involved in the products/services is provided by qualified service providers, and your information is protected in accordance with their terms of service and personal information protection statement (not the "Privacy Policy"). If you have any complaints or reports about the security of personal information, or if you have any questions, comments or suggestions about the "Privacy Policy" or the handling of your personal information, please contact us: Online Customer Service Customer Service Phone: 400-100-1876 Personal Information Protection Specialist: You can send an email to jubao@leisu.com or write to the following address to contact him: Building A1, Internet Baodi, No. 221 Huangxing Road, Yangpu District, Shanghai, Leisu Sports Personal Information Protection Specialist (received); Postal Code: 200082. Email for reporting infringement of the rights and interests of minors: wcnjb@leisu.com