Hangzhou Qunhe Information Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we" or "Coolhome") is the operator of all web versions (such as Coolhome, Cool Master)/clients, APPs, mini-programs (collectively referred to as the "Coolhome Platform") and products and services of Coolhome. Before you use the Coolhome platform, Coolhome would like to remind you that the User Service Agreement consists of the Coolhome Platform User Agreement, the End User License Agreement, the Intellectual Property Clauses, and the Coolhome Platform User Self-Discipline Convention. In order to protect your own rights and interests, it is recommended that you read the specific terms of each clause carefully. If you object to any of the terms in the agreement, you can also choose to stop using the Coolhome platform, because once you use the Coolhome platform, your behavior will be regarded as recognition and full acceptance of all the contents of this agreement. "Affiliates" under the "User Service Agreement" refers to a company that directly or indirectly controls the company, is controlled by the company, or is jointly controlled by the company with any other company or person. The affiliated companies of Coolhome include: Shanghai Mengdai Network Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai Modai Network Technology Co., Ltd., Hangzhou Meijian Technology Co., Ltd., Hangzhou Yunjiazhuang Network Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai Coolhome Network Technology Co., Ltd., Guangdong Coolhome Network Technology Co., Ltd., COOHOM (HONGKONG) LIMITED, COOHOM INC., MODELO INC. Coolhome Platform User Agreement Important Notice:Before you use the Kujiale platform, please be sure to carefully read and fully understand the "Kujiale Platform User Agreement" (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement"), especially the terms involving exemption or restriction of Kujiale's liability, exclusion or restriction of user rights, agreed jurisdiction terms, etc. We usually underline or bold these terms to remind you. If you have any questions about the terms of the agreement, you can contact Kujiale customer service by calling 0571-28274566. If you object to any terms in the agreement, you can also choose to stop using the Kujiale platform, because once you use the Kujiale platform, your behavior will be regarded as recognition and full acceptance of all the contents of this agreement. If you are not an end user, please provide the "End User License Agreement" to the end user and obtain the end user's permission. If you are a minor under the age of 14, please do not register and use our services. If you are a minor who is over 14 years old but under 18 years old, please obtain the authorization and consent of your guardian before registering and using our products and/or services. 1. Scope of Services and Agreement 1.1 Coolhome provides users with online design tool applications, rendering services and other services through the Coolhome platform. The specific details shall be subject to the services provided by Coolhome at the time.1.2 Among them, Kujiale refers to Hangzhou Qunhe Information Technology Co., Ltd., the owner and operator of the Kujiale platform; "User" refers to a natural person, legal person or other organization (hereinafter collectively referred to as "you") who understands and accepts all the terms of this Agreement, completes the registration process of the Kujiale platform or uses the Kujiale platform and has full civil capacity and full civil liability. 1.3 This Agreement is an agreement between you and Kujiale on the use of the Kujiale platform and has contractual effect. 1.4 When you use a specific service on the Kujiale platform, the service may have a separate agreement, relevant business rules, etc. The above content will be published and reflected in various forms such as website announcements, notifications, in-site letters, electronic files, help center documents, etc. Once officially released, it will be deemed to be an integral part of this Agreement, and you should also comply with it. Your acceptance of any of the aforementioned business rules and separate agreements shall be deemed to be your full acceptance of this Agreement. 1.5 After you sign this Agreement, this text may be modified due to changes in national policies, products, and the environment for the performance of this Agreement. The modified Agreement will be posted on this website. If you have any objections to the modified Agreement, please immediately stop logging in and using the Kujiale platform. If you log in or continue to use the Kujiale platform, it will be deemed that you have recognized the modified Agreement. 1.6 If this Agreement is inconsistent with the offline agreement signed between you and Kujiale or the electronic order generated by the purchase of specific services (hereinafter referred to as the "electronic order"), the provisions of the offline agreement or electronic order shall prevail.2. User registration and real-name authentication 2.1 You can log in to the Coolhome platform through your Coolhome user account, third-party website account (Weibo, QQ, WeChat, etc.), or you can choose to be an anonymous user and only enjoy some functions and services such as browsing and information viewing. Regardless of the method, you must abide by the terms of the Coolhome platform agreement and various business rules. 2.2 To register an account, you should be a natural person with full civil capacity; if you are a natural person with limited civil capacity or no civil capacity, you should use the services of the Coolhome platform with the consent of your guardian, otherwise Coolhome has the right to suspend or terminate your user qualifications at any time. 2.3 You should provide true, complete and accurate information in accordance with the prompts on the registration page. You shall not use other people’s information to register an account or provide other false information to Coolhome. 2.4 In order to protect your legal rights and interests and transaction security, we recommend that you register a Coolhome user account. You can register a user account on the official website, mobile client, computer client and other platforms by mobile phone number, email address, etc. The account will record your activities when using the Coolhome platform services. 2.5At the same time, you should be reminded that registering a Kujiale user account does not mean that you can use all the services provided by the Kujiale platform. In order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of users and transaction security, Kujiale may require you to conduct real-name authentication and provide more identity materials and information for the activation of certain functions and services in order to make further identity authentication or qualification verification. You must provide true, latest, valid and complete information as prompted by Kujiale. 2.6 The ownership of the Kujiale platform account belongs to Kujiale. After you complete the application registration, you only obtain the right to use the account. 2.7 If it is found that you have obtained registration by fraud with false or untrue information, Kujiale has the right to unilaterally take measures such as rectification within a time limit, deletion of information, restriction or suspension of use, freezing or cancellation of accounts and termination of providing part or all services to you without notice. 2.8 You should correct false information in a timely manner and update and improve your relevant information. If you fail to correct or update the information in a timely manner, resulting in Kujiale's inability to provide you with services as agreed in the agreement, or causing any losses incurred during the use of Kujiale products or services, you shall bear it yourself. 2.9 Kujiale does not assume any responsibility for the suspension or termination of service due to false registration information, and you shall bear all adverse consequences. If Kujiale suffers losses as a result, you shall bear the corresponding responsibility. 3. Account Security and Management3.1 Users should keep their account information properly, including account number, password, verification code and other information. User accounts are limited to the use of registered users themselves, and transfer, trading, gifting, renting and borrowing are prohibited. If Kujiale finds that the user is not the original registrant of the account, it has the right to restrict, freeze, cancel the account without notice, suspend or terminate the provision of all or part of the services under this Agreement without assuming legal responsibility to the account user. The losses caused by this, including but not limited to the interruption of user communication, the clearing of user information and content, etc., shall be borne by the user. All losses caused by the leakage, loss of account number, password or other effective identification information or theft and tampering of account number and password due to your personal reasons shall be borne by you. 3.2 User account login rules: You can log in to your account on up to two devices, but the same account only supports design creation on one device at the same time. If you log in to your account on a third device, you will not be able to log in successfully automatically. To ensure the security of your account, please complete the account verification according to the platform prompts. If you need to design and create on a new device, please log out on the existing device first, and then log in on the new device. If you suspect that your account information has been used by others or leaked, please change your password and contact us in time to ensure the security of your account.3.3 You have the right to decide to terminate the use of your user account. When you decide not to use your user account, you should first confirm that there are no unexpired tasks under your user account. At the same time, you should pay off all payables (including but not limited to principal, interest, liquidated damages, service fees, etc.), then withdraw all available funds in the user account (if any) or issue other legal payment instructions to Kujiale, and apply to Kujiale to cancel the user account. After Kujiale's review and approval, the user account can be officially cancelled. 3.4 Please update the mobile phone number information bound to the user account in a timely manner when you apply to the operator to cancel your mobile phone number, or when your mobile phone number is cancelled for other reasons. Kujiale does not assume any responsibility for the leakage of user data or damage to your other rights and interests due to your failure to update the mobile phone number information bound to your Kujiale account in a timely manner. 4. Service Fees and Other Fees 4.1 Some functions of the Kujiale platform will charge a certain service fee. For details of the charges, please refer to the business rules and notices involved in the specific services. Kujiale may modify and change the charging standards and methods of paid services according to actual needs, and Kujiale may also start charging for some free services. Before the aforementioned modification, change or start of charging, Kujiale will notify or announce it on the corresponding service page. 4.2When using the Kujiale Platform, users may need to pay certain third-party service fees to third parties (such as banks, third-party payment companies or third parties providing technical services, etc.). For specific charging standards, please refer to the relevant pages, tips and charging standards of the third-party website. 5. Obligations and commitments to comply with the law 5.1 You promise not to use the Kujiale Platform for any illegal purpose or in any illegal way, and promise to comply with relevant Chinese laws, regulations and all international practices in the use of the Internet, and comply with all network protocols, rules and guidelines related to the Kujiale Platform. 5.2 You agree and guarantee that you must comply with the provisions of national laws and regulations when using this service, and you shall not use the Kujiale platform to conduct the following acts or provide convenience or assistance for them, nor shall you produce, upload, store, publish or disseminate content related to the following acts: 5.2.1 Oppose the basic principles established by the Constitution; 5.2.2 Endanger national security, disclose state secrets, subvert the state power, and undermine national unity; 5.2.3 Damage the honor and interests of the country; 5.2.4 Distort, vilify, blaspheme, deny the deeds and spirit of heroes and martyrs, and infringe upon the names, portraits, reputations, and honors of heroes and martyrs by insulting, slandering or otherwise; 5.2.5 Contain patterns such as the national flag, national emblem, party flag, party emblem, and RMB; 5.2.6 Promote terrorism and extremism; 5.2.7 Incite ethnic hatred and ethnic discrimination, and undermine national unity; 5.2.85.2.9 Spread rumors, disrupt social order and undermine social stability; 5.2.10 Spread obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror or incite crime; 5.2.11 Glorify invaders and wars of aggression, and blaspheme heroes and martyrs; 5.2.12 Teach criminal methods or promote and glorify criminals and criminal acts; 5.2.13 Contain content that violates public security management, such as drug-related and bullying; 5.2.14 Use exaggerated titles, and the content is seriously inconsistent with the title; 5.2.15 Hype up gossip, scandals, bad deeds, etc.; 5.2.16 Inappropriately comment on natural disasters, major accidents and other disasters; 5.2.17 Contain sexual innuendos, sexual provocations, etc. that are likely to cause sexual associations; 5.2.18 Display blood, horror, cruelty, etc. that cause physical and mental discomfort; 5.2.19 Inciting discrimination against different groups or regions; 5.2.20 Promoting vulgar, banal, or kitsch content; 5.2.21 Provoking minors to imitate unsafe behaviors or behaviors that violate social ethics, or inducing minors to develop bad habits; 5.2.22 Insulting or slandering others, or infringing on their legitimate rights and interests; 5.2.23 Posting information about illegal online association activities or suspected illegal social organizations; 5.2.24 Using the trade name, trademark, or logo of another person without authorization; 5.2.25 Infringing on the copyright of another person or plagiarizing another person's work;5.2.26 Content that promotes pseudoscience or violates scientific common sense; 5.2.27 Content that displays ugly, vulgar, or obscene content; 5.2.28 Content that involves advertising and contains absolute terms such as "national level," "highest level," "best," "top," "excellent," "first brand," "most excellent," and "best"; 5.2.29 Models with poor resolution and quality; 5.2.30 Contact information such as QQ, telephone numbers, and E-mail appear in the model's page information (including preview images, image descriptions, copyright instructions, etc.) and source files (including layer names, and other instructions in the form of compressed files); 5.2.31 Other content that violates public order and good customs, causes adverse effects on the network ecology, infringes on the legitimate rights and interests of others, and violates laws, regulations, or other normative documents. 5.3 The User agrees and warrants that it shall comply with this Agreement and related business rules when using the Service, and shall not conduct the following acts, nor facilitate the following acts: 5.3.1 The information you provide to register an account is not authentic, complete or accurate, including but not limited to registering by stealing other people's ID information; 5.3.2 Transferring, selling, renting, lending or sharing the account with others for use; 5.3.3 Stealing or illegally accessing or abusing other users' accounts or the information in the accounts; 5.3.4Delete all copyright information on the Coolhome platform, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, decompile the Coolhome platform, or attempt to discover the software source code in other ways; 5.3.5 Commercially copy, change, modify, or mount the Coolhome platform, or create any derivative works or products, and use plug-ins, external tools or unauthorized tools to access, interfere with, or affect the Coolhome platform; 5.3.6 Perform any behavior that damages or attempts to damage network security, including but not limited to malicious scanning of other websites or servers, illegal intrusion into the system, illegal acquisition of data, etc. by means of viruses, Trojans, malicious codes, phishing, etc.; 5.3.7 Perform any behavior that changes or attempts to change the system configuration provided by this service or damages system security; 5.3.8 Use technology or other means to damage and disrupt the operation of this service and the use of this service by other users; 5.3.9 Access or attempt to access our products or services through web crawlers or other automatic means, or violate robots.txt or similar files in our products or services; 5.3.10 Make any malicious actions, or any ratings or comments that may damage the reputation or goodwill of our products or services, and any actions that may affect the integrity or accuracy of our products or services; 5.3.11 Infringe or may infringe the intellectual property rights, personal information, privacy rights or other legal rights of Kujiale or any third party; 5.3.12Behaviors suspected of money laundering, cashing out or pyramid selling; 5.3.13 Other illegal, irregular, and socialist moral and value-conscious behaviors. 5.4 If Kujula discovers on its own or based on information from relevant departments, complaints from rights holders, etc., that your behavior violates the above-mentioned relevant laws and regulations or the provisions of this Agreement, Kujula has the right to take one or more of the following measures unilaterally at any time based on its own independent judgment: 5.4.1 Require you to immediately replace or modify the content; 5.4.2 Directly delete, block related content or disconnect links, etc.; 5.4.3 Restrict or suspend your use of the Service (including but not limited to directly taking some of your services offline and recovering related resources, restricting operations on your account, etc.); 5.4.4 Terminate your use of the Kujula platform and terminate cooperation (including but not limited to taking all of your services offline and recovering related resources, canceling user accounts, etc.); 5.4.5 Pursue your legal liability. 5.5 When Kujiale takes measures against you under Article 5.4, Kujiale will provide you with a channel for appeal and will notify you of the specific method of appeal by email, internal message, SMS or phone call.In view of the particularity of network services, Kujula may adjust or terminate part or all of its services at any time if there are legitimate reasons. However, Kujula will try to notify you in advance so that you can make good transfer and backup of relevant data and business adjustments, etc., to protect your legal rights and interests. If the changed, interrupted or terminated network service is a free network service, the Kujula platform does not need to notify the user, nor does it need to bear any responsibility to any user or any third party. Such legitimate reasons include the following: 6.1.1 Routine maintenance, that is, Kujula regularly or irregularly inspects, maintains, upgrades and other measures on the service platform or related equipment to provide users with more complete services. 6.1.2 Force majeure, including but not limited to natural disasters, government actions, policy promulgation and adjustment, law and regulation promulgation and adjustment, strikes, riots, and epidemics; 6.1.3 Faults of basic operators, including but not limited to technical adjustments of telecommunications departments, damage to telecommunications/power lines by others, and installation, modification, and maintenance of telecommunications networks/power resources by telecommunications/power departments; 6.1.4 Network security incidents, such as computer viruses, Trojans or other malicious programs, and damage caused by hacker attacks; 6.1.5 Improper user operation or failure of the user's computer software, system, hardware, and communication lines; 6.1.6 Users use related services in a manner not authorized by Coolhome; 6.1.7 Other circumstances that are not the fault of Coolhome, and that Coolhome cannot control or reasonably foresee. 7. Termination of Service7.1 You understand and agree that the suspension, interruption or termination of user services and/or user accounts does not mean the termination of user responsibilities, and users shall still bear possible breach of contract or damages liability for their behaviors during the use of the Kujiale platform. Kujiale may still retain relevant information of users during the statutory or agreed period. After the statutory period expires, the content or data related to the account will be deleted or anonymized and cannot be restored. 7.2 If this service is terminated for any reason (including but not limited to force majeure, user arrears, user violation, etc.), you should complete the migration and backup of all data in your Kujiale user account or any information stored in the Kujiale server due to your use of the Kujiale platform within 30 days after the termination of this service, otherwise Kujiale has the right to reject your migration and backup request. 8. Liability Exemption 8.1 In any case, the responsibility for the relevant services provided by a third party during the user's use of the Kujiale platform shall be borne by the third party, and Kujiale shall not bear such responsibility. 8.2 Any other losses or liabilities caused by the user's own reasons shall be borne by the user, and Kujiale shall not bear any responsibility. 8.3Kujiale does not provide any guarantees or conditions for any user and/or any transaction, whether express, implied or statutory. Kujiale has the right to review, supervise and handle whether the user's behavior and information in using the Kujiale platform services comply with the provisions of national laws and regulations, but Kujiale does not undertake any form of certification or identification services for such information. Kujiale cannot fully guarantee the authenticity, adequacy, reliability, accuracy, completeness and effectiveness of the platform content, and does not need to bear any legal liability arising therefrom. Before making a trading decision, the user should fully understand the relevant transaction, make prudent decisions based on his or her own trading goals, risk tolerance and asset status, and bear all risks. 8.4Except as otherwise required by law, all compensation liabilities of Kujiale to you under this Agreement and related agreements are limited to direct actual losses with clear evidence. The total amount of all compensation for losses and liquidated damages based on this Agreement and related agreements shall not exceed the amount of Kujiale platform products or services that caused your loss and for which you have paid, and Kujiale may provide compensation with services of equal value; if the service period exceeds one year, the maximum amount shall not exceed the amount of service fees paid to Kujiale for the part of this Kujiale service that caused your loss in that year, and Kujiale may provide compensation with services of equal value. Kujiale shall not bear any compensation liability for any indirect, punitive, special, or derivative losses (including business losses, revenue losses, profit losses, loss of use data or other economic benefits) related to or caused by this Agreement. 9. Privacy Protection Kujiale respects and protects user privacy, and has specially formulated the "Kujiale Platform Privacy Policy" for this purpose. Please be sure to carefully read and understand the relevant provisions of the "Kujiale Platform Privacy Policy". In the event of any discrepancy between the provisions of this Agreement and the "Coolhome Platform Privacy Policy" or any provision not expressly agreed upon, the content of the "Coolhome Platform Privacy Policy" shall prevail. 10. Commercial Activities 10.1 You understand and agree that we may conduct the following commercial activities in the products or services provided by Coolhome: sending you commercial advertisements or other relevant commercial information about Coolhome or a third party through websites, mobile phone text messages, emails or other legal means. 10.2We would like to remind you that if the push information you receive is about a third party rather than Kujiale, you should judge the authenticity of the content of such information and be responsible for your own judgment. Except as expressly provided by law, Kujiale shall not be liable for any loss or damage you suffer from the content provided by such information. Intellectual Property 11.1 All content on the Kujiale platform, including but not limited to works, pictures, archives, information, materials, platform architecture, arrangement of platform screens, web design, are owned by Kujiale or other rights holders in accordance with the law. Its intellectual property rights include but are not limited to trademark rights, patent rights, copyrights, trade secrets, etc. Without the written consent of Kujiale or other rights holders, no one may use, modify, copy, publicly disseminate, change, distribute, issue or publicly publish the Kujiale platform program or content without authorization. 11.2 Without the express written consent of Kujiale, the Kujiale platform or any part thereof may not be copied, reproduced, imitated, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise used for any commercial purpose. 11.3 All rights to any software used by Kujula to provide network services (including but not limited to any images, photos, animations, videos, recordings, music, texts and additional programs, and accompanying help materials contained in the software) belong to the copyright owner of the software. Without the permission of the copyright owner of the software, users may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, or discover its original code in other ways, or carry out any acts suspected of copyright infringement.11.4 Kujiale respects and protects intellectual property rights, and has specially formulated the "Intellectual Property Clauses" as a component of this Agreement, which has the same legal effect as this Agreement. Please be sure to read and understand the relevant provisions of the "Intellectual Property Clauses" carefully. If there are any differences between the provisions of this Agreement and the "Intellectual Property Clauses" or if there is no clear agreement, the content of the "Intellectual Property Clauses" shall prevail. Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution 12.1 The validity, performance and effectiveness of this Agreement and its amendments and all matters related to this Agreement and its amendments shall be governed by Chinese law, and any disputes shall be subject to Chinese law only. 12.2 This Agreement is signed in Gongshu District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, China. Any disputes or controversies between the user and Kujiale arising from this Agreement shall first be resolved through friendly negotiation. If the negotiation fails, the user hereby fully agrees to submit the disputes or controversies to the People's Court with jurisdiction over the place where this Agreement is signed for litigation resolution (unless otherwise agreed in the specific business rules or service agreement). 12.3 You agree that Kujiale may send you relevant notices at various stages such as contract conclusion and performance through modern communication methods such as mobile phone text messages or emails, and may also send you notices by postal delivery. You also agree that for disputes arising from contract disputes, judicial authorities may deliver legal documents through modern communication methods such as mobile phone text messages or emails, or by mail. The above-mentioned legal document delivery methods are applicable to all judicial stages, including but not limited to first instance, second instance, retrial, execution and supervision procedures. Effective Date13.1 This Agreement shall take effect seven days after being publicized from the date of publication. End User License Agreement Welcome to the Kujula platform. If you need to use the Kujula platform, please be sure to carefully read and fully understand this End User License Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement"), especially the clauses involving exemption or restriction of Kujula's liability, exclusion or restriction of user rights, agreed jurisdiction clauses, etc. We usually underline or bold these clauses to remind you of them. If you object to any of the terms in this Agreement, you can also choose to stop using the Kujula platform, because once you use the Kujula platform, your behavior will be regarded as recognition and full acceptance of all the contents of this Agreement. If you are a minor under the age of 14, please do not register and use our services. If you are a minor who is at least 14 years old but under the age of 18, please obtain the authorization and consent of your guardian before registering and using our products and/or services. 1. Scope of the Agreement 1.1 [Effect of the Agreement] This Agreement is deemed to be a supplementary agreement to the "Coolhome Platform User Agreement" and is an integral part thereof. If there is any conflict between the content of this Agreement and the content of the above-mentioned documents, this Agreement shall prevail.1.2 [Composition of the Agreement] Kujiale specifically calls your attention to the fact that when you use a specific service on the Kujiale platform, the service may have a separate agreement, relevant business rules, etc. The above content will be published and reflected in various forms such as website announcements, notifications, internal letters, emails, help center documents, etc. Once officially released, it will be deemed as an integral part of this agreement, and you should also comply with it. Your acceptance of any of the aforementioned business rules and separate agreements will be deemed as your full acceptance of this agreement. 2. Registration, Login and Law-abiding Commitment 2.1 [Registration, Login] You need to register and use a Kujiale user account or log in through a third-party website account to use the Kujiale platform. 2.2 [Authentication] In order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of users and transaction security, Kujiale may require you to perform real-name authentication and provide more identity materials and information for the activation of certain functions and services in order to conduct further identity authentication or qualification verification. You must provide true, latest, valid and complete information as prompted by Kujiale. At the same time, for some paid functions and services, you need to pay the corresponding fees before you can open the use rights. 2.3 [Commitment to abide by the law] When using the Kujiale platform, you should fully understand and agree to:2.3.1 You must be responsible for all actions under your Kujiale account, including any content you publish and any consequences arising therefrom. You should make your own judgment on the content in the Kujiale service and bear all risks arising from the use of the Kujiale service, including the risks arising from reliance on the correctness, completeness or practicality of the content of the Kujiale service. Kujiale cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by the aforementioned risks. 2.3.2 You should abide by local laws and regulations and respect local morals and customs when using the Kujiale service. If your behavior violates local laws, regulations or morals, you shall be solely responsible for it. 2.3.3 You should avoid involving Kujiale in political and public events due to the use of Kujiale tool services, otherwise Kujiale has the right to suspend or terminate your service. 2.3.4 Kujiale tool services may involve third-party intellectual property rights, and if such third parties have requirements for you to use such intellectual property rights in Kujiale tool services based on this agreement, Kujiale will inform you of such requirements in an appropriate manner, and you shall comply with them. 3. Software acquisition, update and uninstallation 3.1 [Acquisition] Kujula may have developed different software versions for different terminal devices or operating systems. Please choose to download the appropriate version for installation according to the actual situation. After downloading the installation program, you need to follow the steps prompted by the program to install it correctly.3.2 [Update] In order to improve user experience and improve service content, Kujula will continue to work hard to develop new features and services, and provide you with software updates from time to time. These updates may take the form of software replacement, modification, function enhancement, version upgrade, etc. In order to ensure the security and functional consistency of the Kujula platform, Kujula has the right to update the software without special notice to you, or change or limit some of the functional effects of the software. After the new version of this software is released, the old version of the software may not be available. Kujula does not guarantee that the old version of the software will continue to be available and provide corresponding customer service. Please check and download the latest version at any time. 3.3 [Uninstall] If you decide to stop using the tool software or decide to install a new version of the software, you can uninstall the software yourself. After you uninstall the software, we may send you a questionnaire to understand the reasons for your uninstallation of the software in order to improve product quality and improve services. 4. Intellectual Property and Licenses Related to the Coolhome Platform 4.1 [Coolhome Platform Intellectual Property Statement] All rights and legal interests in any software used by Coolhome to provide services (including but not limited to any images, photos, animations, videos, recordings, music, texts and additional programs, and accompanying help materials contained in the software), including but not limited to copyrights, trademark rights, patent rights, etc., belong to Coolhome.4.2 [Authorization License] On the premise that you comply with this Agreement and relevant laws and regulations, when you use the Kujiale platform, Kujiale grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive license, and you may only use the Kujiale tool services for non-commercial purposes. 4.3 [Limitations and Prohibitions of License] As a licensee, in addition to using the Kujiale tool services in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, you may not engage in any acts that infringe the intellectual property rights of the Kujiale tool services, or engage in other acts that are detrimental to the legitimate rights and interests of Kujiale or other third parties. 4.3.1 Without the written authorization of Kujiale, you may not use the Kujiale platform in the following restricted or prohibited manners, otherwise it may lead to the suspension or termination of your continued use of the Kujiale platform or the right to obtain support. Kujiale also has the right to pursue your legal liability for any acts that cause losses to Kujiale. 4.3.2 You may not sell, rent, lease, loan, time-share or sublicense the Kujiale platform by yourself or through/instruct/permit others directly or indirectly. You may not allow anyone (except yourself) to use the Kujiale Platform by transferring your username, password or other authentication code. If you are an enterprise user such as a company or institution, you should also use the Kujiale Platform in accordance with the number of end users, time, region, etc. of the authorization license obtained by the enterprise user. At the same time, you should require and ensure that the natural person user you authorize shall comply with the provisions of this Agreement.4.3.3 Kujula specifically calls your attention to the fact that you may not engage in any of the following actions: (1) modify, delete or cover up the name, logo, trademark, graphics, text, watermark and other information involving copyright, trademark right, patent right and other intellectual property rights or other types of legal rights of the Kujula platform and its copies; (2) reverse engineer, reverse assemble or reverse compile the software, or attempt to discover the source code of the software in other ways; (3) scan, probe or test the software to detect, discover or find possible problems or weaknesses therein; (4) modify or forge the instructions or data in the running of the software, add, delete or change the functions or running effects of the software, or operate or disseminate to the public the software or methods used for the above purposes, regardless of whether these actions are for commercial purposes; (5) Copy, modify, add, delete, mount or create any derivative works of the software or the data released to any terminal memory during the operation of the software, the interactive data between the client and the server during the operation of the software, and the system data necessary for the operation of the software, including but not limited to the use of plug-ins, external tools or third-party tools/services not authorized by Coolhome to access the software and related systems; (6) Commercially use, rent, lend, copy, modify, link, reprint, compile, publish, establish mirror sites, etc. of data such as software-related information content; (7) Other uses prohibited by laws and regulations or infringing upon the legitimate rights and interests of Coolhome.5. Intellectual property rights and licenses related to Coolhome services 5.1 [Intellectual property rights statement of platform content] All content on the Coolhome platform, including but not limited to works, pictures, files, information, data, platform architecture, platform screen arrangement, web design, are owned by Coolhome or other right holders in accordance with the law. The intellectual property rights include but are not limited to trademark rights, patent rights, copyrights, trade secrets, etc. 5.2 [Prohibited content behavior] Without the express written consent of Coolhome, no one may use, rent, lend, copy, modify, link, reprint, compile, publish, establish mirror sites, take web page snapshots, or use the establishment of servers to provide others with the same or similar services as the Coolhome platform. 5.3 [Prohibited behavior of the entire website] Without the express written consent of Coolhome, no one may copy, photocopy, imitate, sell, resell, visit, or otherwise use the Coolhome website, client application or any part thereof for any commercial purpose. 6. Intellectual property rights and licenses of Coolhome user content6.1 [Intellectual Property Statement of User Content] The Kujiale platform allows users to upload content for which they own the intellectual property rights or have obtained legal authorization. Before uploading any content such as models, floor plans, decoration design drawings, design plan descriptions, courseware, etc. to the Kujiale platform, you should confirm that you own the ownership and intellectual property rights of such content or have obtained legal authorization. At the same time, you should also confirm that the content you publish will not infringe on the trade secrets or other legal rights of others, nor will it violate your confidentiality obligations to third parties. 6.2 [User's Authorization to Kujiale] If you post any content on our website (such as materials or models uploaded or produced using the design tools provided by the Kujiale platform), you agree to grant Kujiale and its affiliates a free, irrevocable, permanent, sublicensable or transferable non-exclusive license to use the content worldwide. Kujiale and its affiliates have the right to display, promote and use the above content and works in other ways that are not prohibited by Chinese law in accordance with such licenses. Of course, this does not mean that you give up your ownership of the content. You only grant the platform and other users the right to use such content. 6.3 [Granting of Rights Protection] If any third party infringes upon the relevant rights of a Kujula user, you agree to authorize Kujula or its designated agent to file infringement warnings, complaints, and to protect rights against such third party through administrative, litigation, negotiation and settlement, etc. on behalf of Kujula or the user.6.4 [Notes on the use of user content] When you use content uploaded by other users, you should pay attention to the following: the scope of your authorization is limited to the use of content uploaded by other users for personal non-commercial purposes, for example, using models uploaded by other users to the model library for interior decoration design and generating design plans. Without the authorization of Kujiale and the original author, you may not copy, reprint or use such user content for other purposes. Otherwise, you will be liable for the corresponding infringement. 7. Privacy Protection Kujiale respects and protects user privacy. For details, please refer to the "Kujiale Platform Privacy Policy". 8. Disclaimer 8.1 [Services are provided as is] The Kujiale platform is provided to you on an "as is" basis. Kujiale does not guarantee that the Kujiale platform is error-free and uninterrupted, that all defects have been corrected, or that the Kujiale platform will not be damaged by viruses or any other factors. Unless otherwise expressly provided by law, Kujiale hereby expressly disclaims any express or implied warranty, including but not limited to the performance, applicability or non-infringement of the Kujiale platform. 8.2 [Force Majeure] In any case, Kujiale will not be liable for any losses you suffer during the use of Kujiale tool services due to force majeure. Such force majeure events include but are not limited to national laws, regulations, policies, orders of national agencies and other government actions or other unpredictable, unavoidable and insurmountable events such as earthquakes, floods, snowstorms, fires, tsunamis, typhoons, strikes, wars, epidemics, etc. 9. Subscription and Purchase9.1 [Payment] If you need to use the Coolhome platform services that require payment to enable the use rights, you can pay and subscribe according to the guidance process of such service interface. If you subscribe to the service through the client, the relevant process and rules shall be subject to the terms and conditions of payment published on the Coolhome website and client at that time. 9.2 [Offline Contract] If you purchase the Coolhome platform SaaS service by signing an offline written contract with Coolhome or Coolhome dealers, the information about the order content, payment, service activation, after-sales service, etc. shall be subject to the written contract between you and Coolhome or Coolhome dealers. 9.3 [Liability for Breach of Contract] If one party breaches or violates the important terms of this Agreement and fails to correct it within thirty (30) days after the non-breaching party or non-breaching party issues a written notice of such breach or violation, the other party may terminate this Agreement. If you terminate this Agreement due to Coolhome's breach of contract, your sole and exclusive remedy and Coolhome's total liability for such breach will not exceed the total amount of fees you paid to Coolhome in accordance with this Agreement in the past 12 months. 10. Jurisdiction and Applicable Law 10.1 [Applicable Law] The formation, effectiveness, performance, interpretation and dispute resolution of this Agreement shall be subject to the laws of mainland China (excluding conflict of laws).10.2 [Agreed Jurisdiction] This Agreement is signed in Gongshu District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, People's Republic of China. If any dispute or controversy (including but not limited to contract or other property rights disputes) arises between you and Kujiale due to this Agreement, it shall be resolved through friendly negotiation first; if the negotiation fails, you agree to submit the dispute or controversy to the People's Court with jurisdiction over the place where this Agreement is signed. 11. Signing, Effectiveness and Modification of the Agreement 11.1 [Conclusion Form] You agree that this Agreement shall be concluded in electronic form. 11.2 [Service Form] You agree that Kujiale may send you relevant notices of various stages such as contract conclusion and performance through modern communication methods such as mobile phone text messages or emails, and may also send you notices by postal delivery. You also agree that for disputes arising from contract disputes, judicial organs may deliver legal documents through modern communication methods such as mobile phone text messages or emails, or by postal delivery. The above-mentioned legal document delivery methods are applicable to all judicial stages, including but not limited to first instance, second instance, retrial, execution and supervision procedures. 11.3 [Effective Date of Agreement] If you do not agree to any of the terms of this Agreement, please do not use or subscribe to the Kujiale platform, otherwise your use or subscription will be deemed as you have read and agreed to sign this Agreement. You may not raise any form of defense on the grounds of not having read/agreeing to the contents of this Agreement or similar reasons.11.4 [Agreement Amendment] Kujiale has the right to decide to amend this Agreement at any time, and in this case, Kujiale will publish the revised agreement on the Kujiale website or client. 11.5 [Amendment of specific single service business rules] Kujiale has the right to decide to amend the relevant business rules of Kujiale's single services at any time. When you enjoy each single service, you should check and understand the modified content in a timely manner, and consciously abide by this Agreement and the relevant terms of the single service. 12. Supplementary Provisions 12.1 [Separability] Regardless of the reason why some of the terms of this Agreement are invalid, the remaining terms remain valid and binding on all parties. 12.2 [Feedback] If you have any comments or suggestions on this Agreement or Kujiale tool software or Kujiale tool services, you can contact Kujiale customer service department and we will provide you with necessary help. 12.3 [Effective Date] This Agreement will take effect seven days after being published on the date of publication. Intellectual Property Clauses Important Note: Kujiale respects and protects the intellectual property rights of users (or "you"), and has specially formulated this "Intellectual Property Clauses" (hereinafter referred to as "these Clauses") for this purpose. This clause consists of two parts: "Intellectual Property Statement" and "Intellectual Property Infringement Complaint and Handling Procedures". Please be sure to read and understand the relevant provisions carefully. If you have any questions about the terms of the agreement, you can contact Kujiale customer service by calling 0571-28274566. Your use or continued use of our services means that you acknowledge and accept the current content of this clause and its content that may be updated at any time.Intellectual Property Statement 1. User Uploaded Content 1.1 Users can upload models, floor plans, decoration design drawings, design plans, architectural design drawings, construction drawings, panoramas and other online design results that can be uploaded to the Kujiale platform, as well as their descriptions, courseware and other content to the Kujiale platform. Before uploading, you should confirm that you own the ownership and intellectual property rights of such content, or have obtained legal authorization. 1.2 At the same time, we also specifically remind you to confirm that the content you publish will not infringe on the trade secrets or other legal rights of others, nor will it violate your confidentiality obligations to third parties. Authorization License for User Uploaded Content 2.1 If you publish or generate any content on our website (such as materials, models, solutions and other design results that you upload or use the design tools provided by the Kujiale platform to create), it means that you agree to grant Kujiale and its affiliates a free, irrevocable, permanent, sublicensable or transferable non-exclusive license to use the content and works worldwide. Kujiale and its affiliates have the right to display, promote and use the above content and works in other ways that are not prohibited by law in accordance with such licenses, and have the right to add Kujiale-related watermarks or marks to the content and works. Of course, this does not mean that you give up the ownership of the content, you just grant the platform and other users the permission to use such content.When you use the content uploaded by other users, you should pay attention to the following: the scope of your authorization is limited to the use of the content uploaded by other users for personal non-commercial purposes, for example, using the models uploaded by other users to the model library for interior decoration design and generating design plans. Without the authorization of Coolhome and the original author, you may not copy, reprint or use such user content for other purposes, otherwise, you will be required to bear the corresponding infringement liability. 4. Intellectual Property Statement of Coolhome Platform 4.1 All content on the Coolhome platform, including but not limited to works, pictures, archives, information, materials, platform architecture, arrangement of platform screens, web page design, are owned by Coolhome or other rights holders in accordance with the law. Intellectual property rights, including but not limited to trademark rights, patent rights, copyrights, trade secrets, etc. Without the written consent of Coolhome or other rights holders, no one may use, modify, copy, publicly disseminate, change, distribute, issue or publicly publish the Coolhome platform program or content without authorization. 4.2 Without the express written consent of Coolhome, the Coolhome website or any part thereof may not be copied, reproduced, imitated, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise used for any commercial purpose.4.3 All rights to any software used by KuJIALE to provide network services (including but not limited to any images, photos, animations, videos, recordings, music, texts and additional programs, and accompanying help materials contained in the software) belong to the copyright owner of the software. Without the permission of the copyright owner of the software, users may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, or discover its original code in other ways, or carry out any acts suspected of copyright infringement. 5. KuJIALE brand and trademark 5.1 The KuJIALE platform logo, "KUJIALE", "KUJIALE" and other words, graphics or their combination, as well as other logos, marks, product and service names of the KuJIALE platform are trademarks of the company in China or other countries. Without written authorization, no one may display, use or otherwise process them in any way, nor may you indicate to others that you have the right to display, use or otherwise process them. 5.2 When you use the above-stated name, logo, trademark and other information of Kujula, please be careful not to use it in the following ways, because these uses are unwelcome and may even result in infringement liability: 5.2.1 Misleading people into thinking that you or your actions represent Kujula/are authorized by Kujula/are associated with Kujula; 5.2.2 Use in a deceptive or defamatory manner; 5.2.3 Use our name, logo or trademark for commercial activities, or use it as the main name, title or logo of a commercial activity;5.2.4 Use our name as a keyword or search tag for you, your products or services; 5.2.5 Other uses that may cause confusion, misunderstanding or infringement. 5.3 Kujiale has the right to require you to bear legal responsibility for the infringing use of its brand and trademarks. Intellectual Property Infringement Complaints and Handling Procedures If you believe that the content uploaded and displayed by Kujiale users on the platform infringes your relevant rights and interests, please send a rights notice to Kujiale, and Kujiale will take measures in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. 1. Rights Notice For intellectual property infringement complaints, please send a "Rights Notice" to legal@qunhemail.com. In order to effectively handle your request, your "Rights Notice" should include the following: 1.1 Your name, a copy of your ID card (front and back) or a copy of your passport (if you are a natural person), a copy of your business license (if you are a company), mailing address, telephone number/mobile number, fax and email. 1.2 Please fully and accurately indicate the name of the allegedly infringing content and the page address where the work is posted. 1.3 Please provide preliminary evidence of infringement, including proof of ownership of the copyright of the allegedly infringing work, or proof of the right to disseminate information on the Internet in accordance with the law. 1.4 Please sign in person (for natural persons) or stamp with your official seal (for companies) at the end of the rights notice.1.5 Please write the following statement on the upper part of the signature and seal of the rights notice: "The complainant is responsible for the authenticity of the rights notice. If the content of the rights notice is untrue, the complainant will bear all legal responsibilities caused by it." 2. Counter-request 2.1 If Kujiale disconnects or deletes the content according to the above request, if the content publisher believes that there is no infringement, he or she may send a "counter-request" to Kujiale. After receiving such request, Kujiale will verify and process it. If it is confirmed to be true, it can restore the relevant content. However, Kujiale does not bear legal responsibility for the restoration behavior and the relevant content after restoration. 2.2 Please send the counter-request to legal@qunhemail.com. 2.3 In order to effectively handle the counter-requests of the above individuals or companies, please use the following format (including the serial number of each clause): 2.3.1 Your name, copy of ID card (front and back) or passport copy (if you are a natural person), copy of business license (if you are a company), mailing address, telephone number/mobile number, fax and email. 2.3.2 Please fully and accurately indicate the name of the work and the address of the web page to be restored. 2.3.3 Please provide preliminary evidence that there is no infringement, which is usually required to include the following: (1) Proof that you own copyright, trademark rights or other rights that can be exercised through information network dissemination in accordance with the law for the work alleged to be infringing; (2) Evidence that the work alleged to be infringing is published in accordance with the law.2.3.4 Please sign in person (natural person) and stamp with the official seal (company) at the end of the counter-request notice. 2.3.5 Please write the following statement above the signature and seal of the counter-request notice: "The counter-requester is responsible for the authenticity of the counter-request notice. If the content of such notice is untrue, the counter-requester will bear all legal responsibilities caused by it." 3. Special Tips 3.1 Kujiale has the right to require you to mail the written documents of the rights notice and the relevant documents and materials of the counter-request to Kujiale as needed. 3.2 If your "rights request" or "counter-request" is untrue, you will bear all legal responsibilities caused by it (including but not limited to compensation for various expenses and attorney fees). 3.3 [Effective Date] This clause will take effect seven days after the publication date. Kujiale Platform User Self-Discipline Convention Kujiale is committed to promoting the core socialist values, spreading positive energy, promoting the traditional culture and virtues of the Chinese nation, and promoting positive and progressive fashions and lifestyles of the times. The realization of this goal is inseparable from the joint efforts of the platform and users to maintain a network environment that is conducive to the healthy and harmonious development of the platform and create a clean and upright community ecology. For this purpose, the "Coolhome Platform Self-Discipline Convention" (hereinafter referred to as "this Convention") is specially formulated, and it shall be observed by Coolhome and all users. Coolhome reviews content, and users publish and disseminate content and participate in interactions in accordance with the norms of this Convention. Promote correct values ​​This Convention advocates that all users' behavior and content published on the Coolhome platform conform to the following values: 1.1Firmly believe in Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the Chinese dream; 1.2 Abide by the Constitution and laws and regulations; 1.3 Practice the core socialist values; 1.4 Promote patriotism, collectivism and socialism; 1.5 Spread the correct historical view, national view, state view and cultural view; 1.6 Promote the excellent traditional culture of the Chinese nation; 1.7 Promote social morality, professional ethics, family and personal virtues, and respect public order and good customs; 1.8 Promote the scientific spirit and popularize scientific knowledge; 1.9 Promote a positive, healthy and progressive era and lifestyle. User Code of Conduct 2.1 The Kujiale platform encourages all users to abide by the common code of conduct within the Kujiale platform, publish content and information with a mature and responsible attitude, treat others as they wish to be treated, treat different voices in a rational and peaceful manner, and help each other with a positive attitude to jointly maintain a good community atmosphere. 2.2 The Kujiale platform prohibits the publication and dissemination of the following content: 2.2.1 Opposing the basic principles established by the Constitution; 2.2.2 Endangering national security, leaking state secrets, subverting the state power, and undermining national unity; 2.2.3 Damaging the honor and interests of the country; 2.2.4 Distorting, vilifying, blaspheming, denying the deeds and spirit of heroes and martyrs, and insulting, slandering or otherwise infringing on the names, portraits, reputations, and honors of heroes and martyrs; 2.2.52.2.6 Propaganda of terrorism and extremism; 2.2.7 Incite ethnic hatred and discrimination, and undermine ethnic unity; 2.2.8 Undermine the state's religious policies, propagate evil cults and feudal superstitions; 2.2.9 Spread rumors, disrupt social order, and undermine social stability; 2.2.10 Spread obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror, or incite crime; 2.2.11 Glorify invaders and aggressive wars, and blaspheme heroes and martyrs; 2.2.12 Teach criminal methods or promote glorification of criminals and criminal acts; 2.2.13 Contain content that violates public security management, such as drug-related and bullying; 2.2.14 Use exaggerated titles, and the content is seriously inconsistent with the title; 2.2.15 Hype up gossip, scandals, bad deeds, etc.; 2.2.16 2.2.17 Content that contains sexual innuendos, sexual provocations, etc. that may easily lead to sexual associations; 2.2.18 Content that displays gore, horror, cruelty, etc. that may cause physical or mental discomfort; 2.2.19 Content that incites discrimination against groups or regions; 2.2.20 Content that promotes vulgar, banal, or kitsch content; 2.2.21 Content that insults or defames others, or infringes upon the legitimate rights and interests of others; 2.2.22 Content that publishes information on illegal online association activities and information suspected of being illegal social organizations; 2.2.23 Content that uses the trade name, trademark, or logo of another person without authorization;2.2.24 Infringement of others' copyrights and plagiarism of others' works; 2.2.25 Promotion of pseudoscience or content that violates scientific common sense; 2.2.26 Display of ugly, vulgar, and obscene content; 2.2.27 Involving advertisements and containing absolute terms such as "national level", "highest level", "best", "top", "excellent", "first brand", "most excellent", "best", etc.; 2.2.28 Models with poor resolution and quality; 2.2.29 QQ, phone number, E-mail and other contact information appear in the model's page information (including preview images, image descriptions, copyright instructions, etc.) and source files (including layer names, other instructions in the form of compressed packages); 2.2.30 Other violations of public order and good customs, adverse effects on the network ecology, infringement of others' legitimate rights and interests, and violations of laws, regulations, or other normative documents. 2.3 Users shall provide real identity information when registering and using accounts on the Kujiale platform. Those who fail to provide real identity information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations shall not publish content on the Kujiale platform. If someone uses another person's name or provides false registration information or certification materials, the relevant account will be closed by the Kujiale platform once discovered. 2.4For violations of this article, the Kujiale platform will delete the illegal content and warn the relevant users; for repeated violations or adverse effects, the Kujiale platform will close the account and report to the relevant management authorities; for suspected crimes, the Kujiale platform will promptly provide the relevant content and clues to the public security organs and cooperate with the investigation of the public security organs. Protection of Minors 3.1 The Kujiale platform is committed to protecting the legitimate rights and interests of minors. For any behavior and content that infringes on the legitimate rights and interests of minors, the Kujiale platform will take appropriate intervention measures according to the specific circumstances. 3.2 Minors must obtain the consent of their guardians to register an account on the Kujiale platform. The guardian may notify the Kujiale platform in a reasonable manner and withdraw his consent. The Kujiale platform will close the account registered by the minor after receiving the guardian's notice of withdrawal of consent. 3.3 The Kujiale platform has the right to restrict minor accounts from publishing content, sending or receiving information on the Kujiale platform. Minors' accounts will be restricted from the right to conduct specific civil acts, including but not limited to conducting transactions or paying rewards. 3.4 The Kujiale platform prohibits any of the following content that is harmful to the physical and mental health and legal rights of minors: 3.4.1 Content that shows the harm, maltreatment, corporal punishment, infringement, or harm to minors; 3.4.2 Content that promotes or demonstrates toys or items that may endanger the personal safety or health of minors; 3.4.3 Content that contains minors drinking, smoking, or taking drugs; 3.4.43.4.5 Content that shows minors’ personal privacy or undermines their personal dignity; 3.4.6 Content that promotes and encourages minors to quit school; 3.4.7 Distorts and spoofs classic cartoon characters or other content for minors to watch; 3.4.8 Other content that may cause minors to imitate unsafe behaviors and violate social morality, induce minors to have bad habits, etc. 3.5 Once discovered, the Kujiale platform will directly delete the above content or close the account. For those suspected of illegal crimes, the Kujiale platform will provide intelligence clues to the public security authorities and cooperate with the investigation of the public security organs. 3.6 The Kujiale platform encourages users to report behaviors and content that infringe on the legitimate rights and interests of minors. Supplementary Provisions 4.1 These rules will take effect seven days after the date of publication. 4.2 Suggestions and opinions on the amendments to this Convention can be sent to the following email address: [legal@qunhemail.com]