POP800 User Privacy Protection Policy Welcome to the POP800 cloud service platform! POP800 is well aware of the importance of personal information to you. We will take corresponding security protection measures in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations to try our best to ensure the security and controllability of your personal information. This privacy policy applies to your access to and use of the POP800 cloud service platform. Before you use the various services we provide to you, please be sure to read and thoroughly understand this privacy policy, and start using it only after you confirm that you fully understand and agree to this policy. If you continue to use the services we provide to you after we update this policy, it means that you agree to the content of this policy (including updated versions) and agree that we collect, use and save your relevant information in accordance with this policy. 1. Explanation of relevant definitions involved in this policy (1) Personal information The personal information involved in this policy includes: basic personal information, personal identity information, network identity identification information, personal Internet access records, etc. 1. Basic personal information: refers to various information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information or reflect the activities of a specific natural person; 2. Personal identity information: including identity card, military officer certificate, passport, driver's license, relevant identity certificates, etc.; 3. Network identity identification information: including system account, IP address, email address and passwords and security related to the above; 4. Personal Internet record information: including search records, software usage records, and click records;5. Personal sensitive information: Personal sensitive information refers to personal information that, once leaked, illegally provided or abused, may endanger personal or property safety, easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. The personal sensitive information covered by this policy includes personal identity information, network identity identification information, and other information (including personal telephone number, mobile phone number, web browsing history, personal WeChat account associated with the account, etc.). (II) POP800 cloud service platform 1. POP800 system: including POP800 website (http://www.pop800.com), POP800 mobile APP and POP800, POP800 mobile APP and POP800 PC client are the platforms provided by us. 2. We ("we"): the operator providing POP800 cloud service platform software services, Beijing Shiqi Cloud Service Technology Co., Ltd. 3. Our platform services: We provide you with various services based on the Internet in various forms including our platform website, client, information storage, information network dissemination, task release, etc. 4. Our platform rules: including all rules published on our platform and subsequently published, user agreements, uploaded documents and content instructions, copyright statements, etc., as well as various rules, implementation details, product descriptions, announcements, etc. published on various channels, pages, help centers, etc. of the platform. II. The purpose of our collection of your personal information (I) To improve your user informationWhen you register an account on POP800, you must at least provide us with an account name, mobile phone number or email address, and create a password. The above information you provide will continue to be authorized for us to use during your use of POP800 products and services. When you cancel your account, we will stop using and delete the above information or anonymize your personal information, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations. (B) Providing products or services to you 1. Information you provide to us When you use our specific products and services (such as personal authentication, institutional authentication, payment, etc.), in order to provide you with products and services, in addition to the information provided during registration, you may also need to provide us with information related to the functions of the above products and services (such as your real name, gender, date of birth, ID number, personal profile, usual address, etc.). If you do not use specific products and services, you do not need to provide relevant information. 2. Information we collect when you use the POP800 system We may collect relevant information about you during your use of POP800 products and/or services, including:Device information: In order to better provide you with products and/or services and protect the security of your account, with your authorization, we may collect device attributes (such as your hardware model, operating version, device name, device configuration, etc.), device connection information (such as browser type, browser version, operator, language used, WIFI information, IP address, etc.) and device status information. For the information collected from your various devices, we may associate them so that we can provide you with consistent services on these devices. Log information: When you use POP800 platform products or services, our servers will automatically record some information, such as your use of our products and/or services, IP address, URL of the service visited, browser type, and browser version. Unique application number: Some products and services contain a unique application number. When you install, activate, update, uninstall related products and services or when these products and services communicate with POP800 regularly (such as software updates), the system will send this number and installation-related information to POP800. 3. Your personal information collected by us indirectlyWhen you use the services of POP800's affiliates and partners through our products and/or services, you agree that we will receive, use, summarize and analyze your personal information provided to us by our affiliates and partners with your authorization and consent (such as your personal account information such as WeChat nickname, WeChat avatar, gender and region, WeChat openID, etc. collected from third parties when you use third-party payment methods such as WeChat to pay on the POP800 platform). (III) Communicating and interacting with you We will communicate with you or send you notifications through the information we collect (such as your mobile phone number, email address). For example, we receive a complaint about your POP800 account and need to verify the situation with you. Or, in order to let you know about the upcoming changes or improvements to the products or services provided by POP800, invite you to participate in new product experiences or improve your personal information. (IV) Displaying and pushing customized content for you Through the information collected about you, we will provide you with customized content, such as showing or recommending more relevant (rather than general push) search results, information streams or advertising/promotional information results to you.To provide you with a better experience, improve our services or other purposes with your consent. Subject to relevant laws and regulations, we may use the information collected through certain services for our other services. For example, we may use the information you collect when using one of our services to display personalized content or advertisements, user research analysis and statistical services to you in another service. (V) Providing you with security protection To improve the security of your use of products and services provided by us and POP800's affiliates and partners, we may use your information for identity authentication, customer service, and security precautions to prevent, discover, and investigate behaviors that endanger security, are illegal, or violate our agreements, policies, or rules, in order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of you, our other users, us or our affiliates, partners, and the general public. (VI) Data statistics, sharing, and research to improve our products or services To improve the products and services of us and POP800's affiliates and partners, we may collect statistics and analyze product usage. At the same time, POP800 may share this information with the public to show the overall usage trends of our services, but these statistical information will not contain any of your identity information. We will use the collected information for big data analysis. If we share the information we collect to form statistical products that do not contain any personal information, we may publicly share with our partners the big data analysis information that does not contain any personal information after statistical processing.(VII) Other purposes When we want to use information for other purposes not specified in this privacy policy, or use information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will ask for your consent in advance. 3. How we use cookies and similar technologies To ensure the normal operation of the website, provide you with an easier access experience, and recommend content that may interest you, we will store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies can help websites identify registered users and count the number of users. They are usually used by websites to determine whether registered users have logged in. POP800 promises that research on cookie information is limited to the purpose of improving product/service quality and optimizing user experience. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. For details, please see AboutCookies.org. 4. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal informationWe will treat your personal information with a high degree of diligence. We will not share or transfer identifiable personal information to third parties unless you agree in advance. We may share or transfer de-identified personal information and ensure that the third party cannot re-identify the natural person subject of such information. Under certain conditions, we may share your personal information with third parties, but we will only share necessary personal information and the third party will be bound by the purposes stated in this policy. We will require third parties to take protective measures for your personal information and strictly comply with relevant laws, regulations and regulatory requirements. If a third party wants to change the purpose of processing your personal information, it will ask for your authorization again. (I) Sharing Except in the following circumstances, we will not share your information with any company, organization or individual other than POP800 and its affiliates without your consent: 1. We will share your personal information with other parties after obtaining your explicit consent. We may share your personal information with others in accordance with laws and regulations, or in accordance with the mandatory requirements of government authorities or judicial decisions. 2. For the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy only, some of our services will be provided by partners. Our partners include the following types: (1) Service platforms or service providers. When you choose to use a third-party service accessed by POP800, you authorize us to provide such information to the third-party service platform or service provider so that they can provide you with services based on the relevant information.(2) Software and hardware/system service providers. When third-party software and hardware/system products or services are combined with POP800's products or services to provide you with services, we will provide your necessary personal information to the third-party software and hardware/system service providers with your authorization so that you can use the services, or for us to analyze the use of products and services to improve your user experience. (3) Advertising and consulting service providers/advertisers. Without your authorization, we will not share your personal information with advertising and information service providers. However, we may share information that cannot be identified after processing and cannot be restored by the recipient, such as user portraits that have been anonymized, with advertising or consulting service providers or advertisers to help them improve the effective reach of advertisements without identifying you personally, and analyze the use of our products and services. 3. In order to facilitate us and our affiliates to jointly provide services to you, recommend information that you may be more interested in, protect the personal and property safety of POP800 affiliates or other users or the public from infringement, or contact you, your personal information may be shared with our affiliates. We will only share necessary personal information (for example, to facilitate your use of our affiliates' products and/or services using your POP800 account, we will share your necessary account information with our affiliates). If we change the purpose of using and processing your personal information, we will ask for your authorization and consent again.4. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to handle personal information in accordance with our instructions, this Privacy Policy and other relevant confidentiality and security measures. (II) Transfer We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual other than POP800 and its affiliates, except in the following circumstances: 1. Obtain your explicit authorization or consent in advance; 2. Meet the requirements of laws, regulations, legal procedures or mandatory government requirements or judicial decisions; 3. If we or our affiliates are involved in mergers, divisions, liquidations, acquisitions or sales of assets or businesses, your personal information may be transferred as part of such transactions. We will ensure the confidentiality of such information during the transfer and require the new company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy, otherwise we will require the company or organization to re-ask your authorization and consent. (III) Disclosure We will disclose your personal information in the following circumstances: 1. Obtain your explicit consent; 2. Based on the mandatory requirements of laws, regulations, legal procedures, litigation or government authorities. (IV) Exceptions where your prior consent is required for sharing, transferring, or disclosing personal information: 1. Directly related to national security and national defense security; 2. Directly related to public security, public health, or major public interests; 3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and enforcement of judgments;4. To safeguard your or other individuals’ life, property and other major legal rights and interests but it is difficult to obtain their consent; 5. Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own; 6. Collecting personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels; 7. Related to our performance of obligations stipulated by laws and regulations; 8. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations. V. How we store and protect your personal information (I) Information storage location Your personal information is stored in the territory of the People’s Republic of China. If some products or services involve cross-border, we need to transfer your personal information abroad. We will strictly follow the provisions of laws and regulations and ensure the security of your personal information. (II) Information storage period During your use of POP800 products and services, we will continue to store your personal information for you. If you cancel your account or actively delete the above information, we will store your information in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations such as the Cybersecurity Law. After you cancel your account or actively delete the above information, we will no longer use your personal information for commercial purposes, but we may anonymize your personal information for use. (III) Information deletion and anonymization If we terminate our service or operation, we will send you a notice of cessation of operation in the form of an announcement. Your personal information that we already hold will be deleted or anonymized. If it involves children's personal information, we will promptly inform the children's guardians of the suspension of operations. (IV) Personal Information Protection1. Technical security protection: We will adopt reasonable and feasible security measures and technical means that meet industry standards to store and protect your personal information to prevent your information from being lost, unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage, loss or leakage. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; we will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked. 2. Security system protection: We have an industry-leading data security management system that takes data as the core and revolves around the data life cycle. We improve the security of the entire system from multiple dimensions such as organizational construction, system design, personnel management, and product technology. 3. Personnel security management: We also strictly manage employees or outsourced personnel who may have access to your information, including but not limited to taking different authority controls according to different positions, signing confidentiality agreements with them, and monitoring their operations. We will provide corresponding security measures according to existing technologies to protect your information and provide reasonable security guarantees. We will try our best to prevent your information from being leaked, damaged or lost. We will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information. 4.Information disclosure tips and password leakage handling: Please note that the Internet is not an absolutely safe environment. Please properly protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially your account and password, please contact our customer service immediately so that we can take appropriate measures. 5. Special protection of minors' personal information: If you are a minor under the age of 18, before using POP800 products/services, you should read and decide whether to agree to this privacy policy under the supervision and guidance of your parents or other guardians. We will protect the personal information of minors in accordance with the provisions of relevant national laws and regulations. If you are a child under the age of 14, we must obtain the consent of your parents (guardians) when we collect your personal information. If you want to use our services, please be sure to inform your parents. 6. Information security incident handling: After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, your suggestions for self-prevention and risk reduction, and your remedial measures, etc. We will inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident by email, phone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the personal information subject one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to issue an announcement. At the same time, we will also report the handling of the personal information security incident in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities. VI. How do you manage your information(I) Access your personal information When you have completed the registration of your POP800 account and have carried out reasonable and necessary identity verification, you can log in to your personal POP800 account to check your personal information. (II) Correct your personal information When you find that there is an error in the personal information we process about you, you have the right to correct or update the incorrect or incomplete information, and you can also contact us at any time through the POP800 official customer service. (III) Delete your personal information In the following circumstances, you can request us to delete your personal information: 1. If our processing of personal information violates laws and regulations; 2. If we collect and use your personal information without obtaining your explicit consent; 3. If we violate laws and regulations or our agreement with you and publicly disclose your personal information, you have the right to request us to immediately stop the public disclosure and issue a notice requiring the relevant recipient to delete the corresponding information; 4. If you no longer use our products or services, or you actively cancel your account. (IV) Cancel your account You can log in to the POP800 customer service at any time to cancel your account. (V) Respond to your above request To ensure security, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. VII. Revision and Update of this Privacy PolicyWe may revise the content of this Policy from time to time. If such changes will lead to a substantial reduction in your rights under this Policy, we will notify you by posting a notice in a prominent position on the page, sending you an email, etc. before the changes take effect.