Privacy Policy of Yunzhijia Network (Chongqing) Co., Ltd. Yunzhijia Network (Chongqing) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Yunzhijia" or "we") respects and protects your privacy. When you use our services, we will collect, store, use and provide your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "this Policy"). At the same time, we will explain to you through this Policy how we provide you with services to access, update, manage and protect your information. This Policy is closely related to your use of our services. We recommend that you carefully read and understand the entire content of this Policy and make the choices you think are appropriate. Among them, we have highlighted the important content related to your personal information rights and interests in bold, so please pay special attention. This Policy applies to the functions and services of Yunzhijia products themselves (including instant messaging, address book, external contacts, smart attendance, smart approval, smart conference, time assistant, enterprise cloud disk, announcement, knowledge center, colleague circle, report show, ecosystem and other functions and services), and does not apply to other products (or services) provided through Yunzhijia websites or clients, or any other products (or services) provided by any third party (hereinafter collectively referred to as "third-party services"). You should fully understand the product functions and privacy policies of third-party services before choosing to use third-party services.Before using Yunzhijia products or services, please be sure to read and thoroughly understand this policy, and use the relevant products or services only after confirming that you fully understand and agree. Once you start using Yunzhijia products or services, it means that you have fully understood and agreed to this policy. This privacy policy will help you understand the following: 1. What information we collect and how we use it 2. How we use cookies and other technologies 3. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information 4. How we protect and store your personal information 5. How you access and manage personal information 6. Protection of minors 7. How this policy is updated 8. How to contact us Related definitions: Yunzhijia: Yunzhijia is a mobile office platform for mobile office SaaS applications with organization/message/social as the core, providing OA system, smart approval, smart attendance, smart meeting and other functions. Enterprise users: refers to individuals or organizations that register, log in, use Yunzhijia products and services and obtain management rights, including but not limited to legal persons, government agencies, other organizations, partnerships or individual businesses, etc. (hereinafter referred to as "Enterprise Users"); Enterprise users can create their work teams through Yunzhijia (referring to virtual workspaces created and managed by enterprise users, where multiple people can join and use Yunzhijia services together), invite and authorize individual users to join their work teams and become their end users. Enterprise user administrator: refers to an individual designated by an enterprise user who has the authority to operate the enterprise user management backend system.Individual users: refers to individual users who are invited by enterprise users to join the enterprise work team and register to use Yunzhijia. "You" or "end user": refers to individual users or enterprise users. I. What information do we collect and how do we use it? (I) Categories of information collected Personal information refers to various information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information. In order to provide you with Yunzhijia products (or services), maintain the normal operation of our services, improve and optimize our service experience and protect the security of your account, we will collect information that you actively provide, authorize to provide or based on the user requirements of your enterprise organization when registering or using our services, as well as information generated when you use our services. You are not required to provide us with personal information, but if you choose not to provide it, we may not be able to provide you with relevant services, or respond to or solve the problems you encounter. 1. Registered user information You first need to register a Yunzhijia account to become a Yunzhijia user. When you register, you need to provide us with at least the mobile phone number you plan to use, and we will verify your identity by sending a text message verification code.In order to make it easier for you to use the products of Kingdee Software (China) Co., Ltd. and its affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Kingdee") (including but not limited to Kingdee Cloud Sky, Kingdee Cloud Xinghan, Kingdee Cloud Xingchen, etc.), Yunzhijia will share your registration information with Kingdee, and your above registration information will be stored synchronously on the Kingdee Cloud platform. If your company is or is currently using Kingdee products, you can use your Yunzhijia account to directly log in and use Kingdee Cloud products. Yunzhijia ensures that Kingdee will only use your registration information to log in and use Kingdee Cloud products. 2. Information collected during the use of Yunzhijia services When you use Yunzhijia services, in order to provide you with smart hardware and/or software services that better meet your needs, identify abnormal account status, maintain the normal operation of Yunzhijia services, improve and optimize your experience of Yunzhijia services and protect the security of your account, including information about your use of Yunzhijia services and how you use them, and associate this information, we will collect the following information about your device when you use Yunzhijia services, including: device model, operating system version, unique device identifier (OAID, IDFA), MAC address, BSSID and other hardware and software feature information, device location information (such as login IP address, GPS location, and Wi-Fi that can provide relevant information);2) Log information: When you use the Yunzhijia service, we will collect your use of our services and save them as relevant network logs. For example, the method, type and status of accessing the network, network quality data, operation logs, service log information (website information you viewed at Yunzhijia, service failure information, etc.). Please note that separate device information, log information, etc. are information that cannot identify a specific natural person. If we combine this type of non-personal information with other information to identify a specific natural person, or use it in combination with personal information, then during the period of combined use, this type of non-personal information may be regarded as personal information. Unless you authorize us or otherwise required by laws and regulations, we will anonymize and de-identify this type of personal information. 3) Information you submit through our customer service or when participating in an event we organize. For example, the questionnaire you fill out when participating in our online activities may contain your name, phone number, home address and other information. 4) If you, as an enterprise user administrator, choose to activate office management and communication services, we will collect information and data submitted or generated by enterprise users and their end users during the use of our services (hereinafter referred to as "enterprise controlled data"). Enterprise controlled data may include: your name, photo, gender, mobile phone number, ID card and other personal information submitted or requested by enterprise users;Information related to the enterprise user or assigned to you by the enterprise user, such as the enterprise, invoice header, work signature, landline number, email address, position, rank, job title, department, fax number, office seat, etc.; Your geographic location information and smart attendance records, smart approval records, enterprise cloud disk document information, enterprise email account, etc. when using the smart attendance function; Other data submitted by enterprise users, such as organizational structure, approval process, etc.; Information (metadata) contained in the content you share when using instant messaging services, such as photos and audio and video information taken or uploaded. You understand and agree that the enterprise user is the controller of your personal information or enterprise-controlled data, and we will only process it accordingly according to the instructions of the enterprise user and the agreement between us and the enterprise user. If you have any questions or comments on the purpose, scope and use of the above enterprise-controlled data, please contact your enterprise user or enterprise user administrator for processing. 5) When you use the real-name authentication function, we will collect the real-name information and the front and back photos of your ID card that you actively provide. The above information is sensitive information. Refusing to provide this information will only prevent you from obtaining real-name authentication and related functions, but will not affect your normal use of other functions of Yunzhijia. 6) When you need to register as an enterprise user, you need to provide the creator information. If you do not provide such information, you will not be able to register as an enterprise user to use related services.7) Before uploading and managing personal information such as the end user's name, photo, and mobile phone number, enterprise users should ensure that they have obtained the end user's explicit consent in advance, collect only the end user information necessary for operational and functional purposes, and fully inform the end user of the purpose, scope, and use of the relevant data collection. 8) Platform Function Information In order to provide you with more convenient and higher-quality products and/or services and strive to improve your experience, we may collect and use your personal information in the following additional services provided to you. If you do not provide this information, it will not affect your use of the basic services of Yunzhijia products, but you may not be able to obtain the user experience brought to you by these additional services. These additional services include: a. Additional services based on camera/camera: After turning on the camera/camera permission, you can use this function to scan the code for face punch-in, video conferencing, live conference, photo shooting, and face recognition functions authorized by you in specific scenarios. When you use the above functions for face recognition, we will collect your face photos or facial feature information, and use it strictly within the scope of your authorization and consent. In the future, if we intend to use your facial information to provide you with other product and/or service functions, we will confirm with you again.b. Additional services based on storage, photo album (photo library/video library) image/video access and upload: You can use this function to upload your images/audio and video after turning on the photo album permission, so as to change your avatar, communicate in single chat/group chat, post comments in the circle of colleagues, share photos or videos, complete corporate organization certification or communicate with customer service to provide proof, and perform log caching, multimedia downloads such as images/audio and video, etc. If you refuse us to obtain this permission, we will not be able to provide you with services. c. Additional services related to voice technology based on microphone: After turning on the microphone permission, you can use the microphone to realize the voice input function in single chat/group chat in Yunzhijia, or contact customer service to realize voice interaction, or realize video conference, live conference, and voice conference. Please be aware that even if you have agreed to turn on the microphone permission, we will only obtain voice information through the microphone when you actively click the microphone icon in the client or record a video. d. Calendar-based additional services: After you enable us to read/write your calendar, we will collect your mobile phone schedule to create your schedule in Yunzhijia so that it can be displayed in the Yunzhijia schedule function, manage the calendar information you created, schedule tasks, and remind you of relevant schedule arrangements. e. Location permissions: You can turn on your location permissions (including geographic location permissions or WIFI, Bluetooth identification range) to complete the attendance punch-in arranged by your company organization.f. Phone status permission: To protect your account and usage security, you need to authorize us to read the local identification code. If you refuse, Yunzhijia will not be able to operate normally due to security risks. g. Write/read external storage permission: Store Yunzhijia log information and files necessary for Yunzhijia operation. h. Background operation/auto-start permission: After your device is started, you can quickly use Yunzhijia's services. And this software needs to run continuously in the background to enable users to use instant messaging functions normally. i. Device application list permission: To ensure the security of your device's operating environment and provide the necessary functions for Yunzhijia products and/or services (displaying the number of messages in the application corner, using third-party programs to open files, etc.), and prevent cheating in attendance punching/signing in, we will obtain your software installation list information. Please be aware that the separate application/software list information cannot identify your specific identity. You understand and agree that the above-mentioned additional services may require you to enable access to your location information (geolocation), camera (camera), photo album and storage, microphone (voice), address book, calendar and/or phone status in your device to enable the collection and use of information involved in these permissions. You canYou can check the status of the above permissions in "Settings-App Permissions" and decide to turn them on or off at any time. Please note that when you turn on any permission, it means that you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with the corresponding services. Once you turn off any permission, it means that you cancel the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permission, and we will not be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the permission. However, your decision to turn off the permission will not affect the previous collection and use of information based on your authorization. 10) Information provided by third parties We will collect relevant data that you agree or authorize third parties to share or provide to Yunzhijia. For example, when you or your corporate users use third-party products or services through Yunzhijia's webpage or terminal, third-party service providers can use our API or SDK to inform us which third-party products or services you use. It should be noted that third-party service providers can provide products or services to you or corporate users through Yunzhijia's webpage or terminal. The corporate users you join can choose whether to develop or use third-party services and which third-party services to use. During use, third-party service providers may collect, use and store your relevant data or information. Before you decide whether to use such services, please fully understand the personal information and privacy protection policies of the third-party service provider, or contact your corporate user for more information.It is particularly important to note that if you use Cloud Home through mobile phones of brands such as Xiaomi, Huawei, VIVO, OPPO, etc., the Push SDK of the aforementioned mobile phone manufacturers that we have access to needs to collect the unique identification information of the mobile phone (such as IMEI), and may collect your mobile phone model, system type, system version, device screen size and other parameters to realize the push of our product information. For details, please refer to the privacy policy or relevant statements of the SDK operator. Third-party SDK List Android version: SDK name: Amap SDK Personal information type: Device identifier (such as Android ID, OAID, IMEI, MEID, IMSI, Serial), MAC address, IP address, location information (such as GPS, WLAN access point), read and write external storage permissions Purpose of use: Locate the location when the user posts information; locate the location when the user signs in Usage scenario: Used when the user uses positioning-related functions SDK entity: Amap Software Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://lbs.amap.com/pages/privacy SDK name: Baidu Map SDK Personal information type: Device identifier (such as Android000001050042021 SDK name: Xiaomi PUSH SDKSDK Personal information categories: Device identifiers (such as IMEI, Android ID, MEID, Serial, OAID), WLAN access points Purpose of use: Push messages Usage scenarios: Used when pushing messages on Xiaomi mobile phones SDK entity: Beijing Xiaomi Mobile Software Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://dev.mi.com/console/doc/detail?pId=1822 SDK name: OPPO PUSH SDK Personal information categories: Device identifiers (such as IMEI, SIM card serial number, IMSI, Android ID, GAID), application information (such as application package name, version number and running status), network information (such as IP or domain name connection results, current network type) Purpose of use: Push messages Usage scenarios: Used when pushing messages on OPPO mobile phones SDK entity: Guangdong HuanTian Technology Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://open.oppomobile.com/wiki/doc#id=10288 SDK name: VIVO PUSH SDK Personal information categories: Device identifiers (such as Android ID, OAID, IMEI, Serial), running application list information, mobile phone storage permissionsPurpose of use: Push messages Usage scenarios: Used when pushing messages on VIVO mobile terminals SDK entity: Guangdong Tianchen Network Technology Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://dev.vivo.com.cn/documentCenter/doc/366 SDK name: Agora SDK Personal information types: Device identifiers (such as IMEI, Android ID, Serial), MAC address, WLAN access point, microphone permissions, camera permissions, floating window permissions Purpose of use: Information transmitted when users conduct online meetings Usage scenarios: Audio and video conferencing; live broadcast meetings SDK entity: Shanghai Zhaoyan Network Technology Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://www.agora.io/cn/privacy-policy SDK name: iFlytek Speech Recognition SDK Personal information types: Device identifiers (such as IMEI, Android ID, Serial), MAC address, WLAN access point, microphone permissions, location information, read and write external storage permissions Purpose of use: Voice-to-text conversion when users receive voice messages Usage scenarios: Message sending SDK entity: iFlytek Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy:https://www.xfyun.cn/doc/policy/privacy.html SDK name: WeChat SDK Type of personal information: device identifier (such as IMEI, Android ID, Serial), MAC address, WLAN access point Purpose of use: to help users share content to third-party applications Usage scenarios: used when users share content to WeChat SDK entity: Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK Privacy Policy: https://weixin.qq.com/cgi-bin/readtemplate?lang=zh_CN&t=weixin_agreement&s=privacy SDK name: QQ Interconnect SDK Type of personal information: device identifier (such as IMEI, Android ID, IMSI), MAC address Purpose of use: to help users share content to third-party applications Usage scenarios: used when users share content to QQ SDK entity: Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK Privacy Policy:https://wiki.connect.qq.com/qq%e4%ba%92%e8%81%94sdk%e9%9a%90%e7%a7%81%e4%bf%9d%e6%8a%a4%e5%a3%b0%e6%98%8e SDK name: Weibo SDK Types of personal information: device identifiers (such as IMEI, Android ID, MEID, IMSI, Serial, ICCID), MAC address, WLAN access point Purpose of use: Help users share content to third-party applications Usage scenarios: Used when users share content to Weibo SDK entity: Beijing Weimeng Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://weibo.com/signup/v5/privacy SDK name: LeTV Cast SDK Types of personal information: device identifiers (such as IMEI, Android ID, IMSI, Serial), MAC address, WLAN access point, location information (such as GPS, WLAN access point), IP address, camera permissions, Bluetooth permissions Purpose of use: Help users share documents to external multimedia devices Usage scenario: Used when users cast documents to the screen SDK entity: Shenzhen Lebo Technology Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy:https://www.lebo.cn/privacy.html SDK name: Bugly SDK Type of personal information: Device identifiers (such as IMEI, Android ID, Serial), read and write external storage permissions Purpose of use: Troubleshoot crash issues and help APP improve stability Usage scenarios: Application crash SDK entity: Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/fc748b3d96224fdb825ea79e132c1a56 SDK name: Firebase Crashlytics Type of personal information: Device identifiers (such as IMEI, Android ID, Serial), read and write external storage permissions Purpose of use: Troubleshoot crash issues and help APP improve stability Usage scenarios: Application crash SDK entity: Google Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/u/0/privacy?hl=zh SDK name: Digital SDK Type of personal information: Device identifiers (such as IMEI, AndroidSDK name: Mars SDK Type of personal information: Device identifier (such as IMEI, Android ID, IMSI, Serial), MAC address, WLAN access point, location information, Bluetooth permissions Purpose of use: Help users improve positioning experience (indoor) Usage scenario: Used when users sign in SDK entity: Shenzhen Digital Media Technology Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://cloud.papakaka.com/flash/static/secret.pdf SDK name: Tencent TBS browsing service Type of personal information: Device identifier (such as IMEI, Android ID, IMSI, Serial), MAC address, WLAN access point, read and write external storage permissions Purpose of use: Browser Usage scenario: Browser SDK entity: Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://x5.tencent.com/tbs/guide/develop.html SDK name: Mars SDK Type of personal information: Device identifier (such as IMEI, Android ID, IMSI, Serial), MAC address, WLAN access point, read and write external storage permissions Purpose of use: Instant messaging Usage scenario: Instant messaging SDK entity: Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collectionSDK official website: https://github.com/Tencent/mars SDK name: me.leolin.ShortcutBadger Personal information type: Application installation list Purpose of use: Update application corner badge Usage scenario: Instant messaging SDK subject: Personal Collection method: SDK collection SDK official website: https://github.com/leolin310148/ShortcutBadger SDK name: Bangbang Security Personal information type: None Purpose of use: Provide security reinforcement functions for Android applications Usage scenario: Build and release of Android applications SDK subject: Beijing Bangbang Security Technology Co., Ltd. SDK privacy policy: https://passport.bangcle.com/authcenter/users/agreement SDK official website: https://dev.bangcle.com/home/introduction Third-party SDK list iOS version: SDK name: Amap SDK Personal information type: Device identifier, MAC address, IP address, location information (such as GPS, WLAN access point) Purpose of use: Locate the location when the user posts information; locate the location when the user signs in Usage scenario:Used when users use positioning-related functions SDK entity: Amap Software Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://lbs.amap.com/pages/privacy SDK name: Agora SDK Type of personal information: device identifier (IDFV), MAC address, WLAN access point Purpose of use: Information transmitted when users conduct online meetings Usage scenarios: Audio and video conferencing; live broadcast meetings SDK entity: Shanghai Zhaoyan Network Technology Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://www.agora.io/cn/privacy-policy SDK name: iFlytek Speech Recognition SDK Type of personal information: device identifier, MAC address, WLAN access point, location information Purpose of use: Voice-to-text when users receive voice messages Usage scenarios: Message sending SDK entity: iFlytek Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://www.xfyun.cn/doc/policy/privacy.html SDK name: WeChat SDK Type of personal information: device identifier, MAC address, WLAN access point Purpose of use: Help users share content to third-party applications Usage scenarios:Used when users share content to WeChat SDK entity: Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://weixin.qq.com/cgi-bin/readtemplate?lang=zh_CN&t=weixin_agreement&s=privacy SDK name: QQ Interconnect SDK Type of personal information: device identifier, MAC address, IP address, location information (such as GPS) Purpose of use: to help users share content to third-party applications Usage scenarios: used when users share content to QQ SDK entity: Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://wiki.connect.qq.com/qq%e4%ba%92%e8%81%94sdk%e9%9a%90%e7%a7%81%e4%bf%9d%e6%8a%a4%e5%a3%b0%e6%98%8e SDK name: Weibo SDK Type of personal information: Device identifier (IDFV, IDFA), MAC address, WLAN access point Purpose of use: Help users share content to third-party applications Usage scenario: Used when users share content to Weibo SDK entity: Beijing Weimeng Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd.Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://weibo.com/signup/v5/privacy SDK name: Lebo Cast SDK Type of personal information: device identifier, MAC address, WLAN access point, location information (such as GPS, WLAN access point), IP address Purpose of use: Help users share documents to external multimedia devices Usage scenario: Used when users cast documents SDK entity: Shenzhen Lebo Technology Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://www.lebo.cn/privacy.html SDK name: Bugly SDK Type of personal information: device identifier (IDFV) Purpose of use: Troubleshoot crash issues and help APP improve stability Usage scenario: Application crash SDK entity: Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/fc748b3d96224fdb825ea79e132c1a56 SDK name: Firebase Crashlytics Type of personal information: device identifier Purpose of use: Troubleshoot crash issues and help APP improve stability scenes to be used:App crash SDK entity: Google Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/u/0/privacy?hl=zh SDK name: Digital SDK Type of personal information: Device identifier (IDFV), MAC address, WLAN access point, location information Purpose of use: Help users improve positioning experience (indoor) Usage scenario: Used when users sign in SDK entity: Shenzhen Digital Media Technology Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK privacy policy: https://cloud.papakaka.com/flash/static/secret.pdf SDK name: Mars SDK Type of personal information: Device identifier (such as IMEI, Android ID, IMSI, Serial), MAC address, WLAN access point, read and write external storage permissions Purpose of use: Instant messaging Usage scenario: Instant messaging SDK entity: Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection SDK official website: https://github.com/Tencent/marsYou understand and agree that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a certain function or service is not described above and requires the collection of your information, we will explain the content, scope and purpose of information collection to you separately through page prompts, interactive processes, website announcements, etc., in order to obtain your consent. If we stop operating Yunzhijia products or services, we will promptly stop collecting your personal information and notify you of the cessation of operations in the form of an announcement [60] days in advance, and delete or anonymize your personal information in accordance with applicable laws. (II) How to use information We collect your personal information in order to provide you with services and improve the quality of our services. To achieve this goal, we will use your information for the following purposes: 1) Security: To protect the safety of you and all Yunzhijia users, we will use relevant information to help improve the security and reliability of Yunzhijia services, including detecting, preventing and responding to fraud, abuse, illegal behavior, security risks and technical issues that may harm Yunzhijia, our users or the public;2) Communicate with you: We will use the collected information (such as the email address you provide, the administrator contact email address and phone number of the enterprise user, etc.) to communicate with you directly. For example, if we detect suspicious activity (such as trying to log in to your Cloud Home from a different location than usual), we may send you a notification and let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to Cloud Home. Or, we will return your service visit; 3) In order to comply with the relevant requirements of relevant laws, regulations, departmental regulations, and government directives; At present, we will not use your personal information for user portrait analysis, personalized recommendations or advertising purposes. If we use your personal information beyond the scope of the purpose claimed at the time of collection and the scope of direct or reasonable connection, we will inform you again and obtain your express consent before using your personal information. For the use of enterprise control data, we will handle it in accordance with the decisions of enterprise users and the relevant agreements between us and enterprise users in accordance with the law. For example, enterprise users have the right to decide what and how to display relevant information of end users in Cloud Home. In accordance with relevant laws, regulations and national standards, we may collect and use your personal information without seeking your authorization and consent in the following circumstances: 1) Directly related to national interests such as national security and national defense security; 2) Directly related to major public interests such as public safety, public health, and public awareness; 3) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;4) To protect the major legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain your consent; 5) The personal information collected is disclosed to the public by you; 6) Personal information collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels; 7) Necessary to sign and perform contracts according to your requirements; 8) Necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products (or services) provided. Such as discovering and handling product (or service) failures; 9) The controller of personal information is a news organization, and it is necessary for it to carry out legal news reporting; 10) The controller of personal information is an academic research institution, and it is necessary to carry out statistical or academic research for the public interest, and when it provides the results of academic research or description to the outside world, the personal information contained in the results is de-identified. 11) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations. When we want to use information for other purposes not stated in this policy, we will ask for your consent in advance. When we want to use information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will ask for your consent in advance. Emails and messages we may send to you: 1) Emails and message push When you use our services, we may use your information to send emails, news or push notifications to your device. If you do not want to receive these messages, you can follow our instructions and choose to unsubscribe on your device. 2) Service-related announcementsWe may send you service-related announcements when necessary (for example, when a service is suspended due to system maintenance). You may not be able to cancel these service-related announcements that are not promotional in nature. 2. How we use cookies and other technologies To provide you with an easier access experience, when you use Yunzhijia products or services, we may collect and store relevant data about your visit to Yunzhijia services through various technologies. When you visit or revisit Yunzhijia services, we can identify you and provide you with better and more services by analyzing data. This includes using small data files to identify you. This is done to understand your usage habits, save you the step of repeatedly entering account information, or help determine the security of your account. These data files may be cookies, Flash cookies, or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications (collectively referred to as "cookies"). Please understand that some of our services can only be achieved through the use of cookies. If your browser or browser add-on service allows, you can modify the degree of acceptance of cookies or reject Yunzhijia's cookies, but rejecting Yunzhijia's cookies may in some cases prevent you from using some features of Yunzhijia's services that rely on cookies. Web pages often contain some electronic images, called "single-pixel GIF files" or "webbeacon", it can help websites count users browsing the web or access certain cookies. We will collect information about your web browsing activities through network beacons, such as the address of the page you visit, the address of the reference page you previously visited, the time you stay on the page, your browsing environment and display settings, etc. 3. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information We will not share or transfer your personal information to third parties, except in the following circumstances: Obtain your explicit consent: With your prior consent, we may share your personal information with third parties; To achieve the purpose of external processing, we may share your personal information with affiliates or other third-party partners (third-party service providers, contractors, agents, application developers, etc.), and let them process the above information for us in accordance with our instructions, privacy policy and other relevant confidentiality and security measures, and use it to provide you with our services and achieve the purposes described in the "How to use information" section. If we share your information with the above-mentioned affiliates or third parties, we will use encryption, anonymization and other means to ensure the security of your information.We will not publicly disclose the personal information collected. If public disclosure is necessary, we will inform you of the purpose of the public disclosure, the type of information disclosed and the sensitive information that may be involved, and obtain your explicit consent. It should be noted that how the relevant information of end users is disclosed or shared externally in the corporate user work team they join is determined and managed by the corporate user. As our business continues to develop, we may conduct mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers and other transactions. We will inform you of the relevant circumstances and continue to protect or require the new controller to continue to protect your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations and standards not lower than those required by this policy. In the case of your information being required to be provided in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, mandatory administrative enforcement or judicial requirements, we may disclose your information based on the type of information and disclosure method required. Subject to compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive the above-mentioned request for disclosure of information, we will require the recipient to produce the corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters. We firmly believe that the information we are required to provide should be as transparent as possible to the extent permitted by law. We carefully review all requests to ensure that they have a legal basis and are limited to data that law enforcement agencies have the legal right to obtain for specific investigation purposes. After disclosing to the relevant mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial authorities and with the permission of the aforementioned authorities, we will promptly notify you in a reasonable manner. IV. How we protect and store your personal information(I) How to protect 1. We strive to provide protection for the information security of users to prevent the loss, improper use, unauthorized access or disclosure of information. To ensure the security of your personal information, we have strict information security regulations and processes, and a dedicated information security team strictly implements the above measures within the company. We will use various security protection measures within a reasonable security level to ensure the security of information. For example, we will use encryption technology (for example, SSL/TLS), anonymization processing and other means to protect your personal information. We will take reasonable and feasible measures to try our best to avoid collecting irrelevant personal information, and retain your personal information within the period required to achieve the purposes stated in this policy and the period required by applicable laws and regulations. After an unfortunate personal information security incident occurs, we will inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations (no later than 30 natural days): the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, your suggestions for self-prevention and risk reduction, and remedial measures for you. We will inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will take reasonable and effective means to issue an announcement. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities.The Internet environment is not 100% safe. Although we have these security measures, please note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the Internet. We will do our best to ensure the security of your information. 2. At present, Yunzhijia has met the requirements of international and domestic authoritative certification standards such as ISO/IEC 27001, ISO/IEC 27018, and network security level protection (level 3) system in terms of information security and network security, and has obtained corresponding certification. (II) How to store 1. Location of information storage In principle, the personal information collected and generated by us in our operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China is stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. For personal information generated by Yunzhijia users outside the People's Republic of China in the process of using Yunzhijia products (or services), you agree to transfer it back to servers stored in China, otherwise you will not be able to use the existing Yunzhijia products (or services). In such cases, we will ensure that your personal information is sufficiently and equally protected within the territory of the People's Republic of China. 2. Period of information storage Generally speaking, we only retain your personal information for the time necessary to achieve the purpose. The retention period will be based on the principle of not exceeding the period necessary to provide the service. Except for the need to reasonably extend the period for financial, auditing and other purposes. Unless required by judicial or administrative authorities, we will not review or use chat records and file images stored by corporate users.When our products or services cease to operate, we will notify you through push notifications, announcements, etc., delete your personal information or anonymize it within a reasonable period of time, and immediately stop collecting personal information, and close third-party application service interfaces to prevent third-party services from collecting and continuing to use personal information. 5. How you access and manage personal information For more detailed information about the personal information in your Yunzhijia account, you can access, change or delete it through https://www.yunzhijia.com/ or log in to your account through your device. Exit the enterprise (cancel your account). When you exit the enterprise you are in, we will delete or anonymize your relevant personal information in the enterprise within a reasonable period of time. When you exit all enterprises, it is deemed to have canceled your account. We will stop providing services to you and delete or anonymize your personal information within a reasonable period of time. You can also send an email to service@yunzhijia.com or contact us through other methods below this policy.If you are unable to access, correct or delete your personal information through the above methods, or you need to access, correct or delete other personal information generated when you use our products and/or services, or you believe that Yunzhijia has violated any laws and regulations or the agreement with you on the collection or use of personal information, you can send an email to service@yunzhijia.com or contact us through other methods below this policy. For security reasons, we may need you to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We will respond to your request within 15 days after receiving your feedback and verifying your identity. In principle, we do not charge any fees for your reasonable requests, but for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee as appropriate. We may reject requests that are repeated without reason, require too many technical means (for example, the need to develop new systems or fundamentally change current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very impractical (for example, involving information stored on backup tapes). In the following circumstances, we will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with laws and regulations: 1) related to national security and national defense security; 2) related to public security, public health, and major public interests; 3) related to criminal investigation, prosecution, and trial; 4) there is sufficient evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights;5) Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations. VI. Protection of Minors We encourage parents or guardians to guide minors under the age of 18 to use our services. We recommend that minors encourage their parents or guardians to read this privacy policy, and recommend that minors seek the consent and guidance of their parents or guardians before submitting personal information. We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. According to relevant laws and regulations, if you are a minor, you should obtain the written consent of your parents or legal guardians before using the Yunzhijia service. If you are the guardian of a minor, when you have questions about the personal information of the minor you are guarding, please contact us through the contact information in Section 8. VII. How to Update This Policy We may revise the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time, and such revisions shall constitute part of this Privacy Policy. If such revisions result in a substantial reduction of your rights under this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by prominently displaying a reminder on the homepage or sending you an email or other means before the revision takes effect. In this case, if you continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy may change. Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy. We will post any changes to this Policy on this page.For major changes, we will also provide more prominent notices (including for certain services, we will send notices by email, SMS, announcements, cloud group messages, etc., to explain the specific changes to the privacy policy). Major changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to: 1. Major changes in our service model. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way personal information is used, etc.; 2. Major changes in our ownership structure, organizational structure, etc., such as changes in owners caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy and mergers and acquisitions, etc.; 3. Changes in the main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure; 4. Major changes in your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and the way you exercise them; 5. When our responsible department for handling personal information security, contact information and complaint channels change; 6. When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates a high risk. 8. How to Contact Us If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about Yunzhijia’s privacy policy or data processing, you can contact us through [Mobile terminal - Avatar in the upper left corner - My Customer Service - Online Customer Service] or [7*8 hours customer service hotline (400-830-8110)]. Our mailing contact information is as follows: Yunzhijia Network (Chongqing) Co., Ltd. Contact Department: Customer Operation Department Address: Kingdee Software Park, No. 2, Keji South 12th Road, South District, Shenzhen High-tech Industrial Park, Postal Code: 518057Generally, we will respond within fifteen working days after receiving your relevant contact information. Updated date: November 23, 2023 Effective date: November 23, 2023 Yunzhijia Network (Chongqing) Co., Ltd.