Zhuge IO Privacy Policy Version Effective Date: February 9, 2022 Tips: Beijing Zhuge Yunyou Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Zhuge", "we"), as the operator of Zhuge products and services, attaches great importance to the protection of user personal information and privacy rights. Therefore, we have formulated a "Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this Policy/Privacy Policy") covering how to collect, use, process, share, transfer, disclose, store and protect user information. This policy is closely related to our services that you use. Once you visit our website, use or continue to use the services we provide, or provide us with your information, it means that you agree that we collect, use, process, share, transfer, disclose and store your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We hope that you can carefully read all the terms of this Privacy Policy (especially the content in bold and italics) before browsing our website or accepting our services, confirm that you have fully understood our rules for handling your personal information, and make the choices you think are appropriate. Please note that if you do not agree to be bound by the relevant content of this Privacy Policy, please refuse to provide us with your personal information. In this policy, "you" in a specific context also includes your users, that is, the personal information your users provide to you through visits, phone calls, etc., and they are also authorized to us when you purchase or use our products and services, so that we have the legal right to provide you with products and services.We protect your personal information in accordance with the Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China, the Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and other laws and regulations on data and information protection, and refer to the national standard "Information Security Technology Personal Information Security Specification" (GB/T 35273). This policy describes the purpose, method, scope and information security protection measures for collecting, using, processing, sharing, transferring, disclosing and storing your and your users' personal information in the Zhuge products and/or services we provide to you, as well as the rights and methods we provide you with to access, update, delete and control your and your users' personal information. In order to facilitate your reading and understanding, we use the simplest and most understandable sentences and define key terms. Please refer to Article 10 "Explanation of Terms" of this policy. Please note that some specific products and/or services we provide have specific privacy protection statements. Specific privacy protection statements explain in more detail how we handle your personal information for specific types of products and/or services, and specific privacy protection statements constitute an effective part of this policy. If there is any inconsistency between a specific privacy protection statement and this policy, the specific privacy protection statement shall prevail. Matters not mentioned in the specific privacy protection statement shall be subject to the provisions of this policy.You acknowledge and confirm that you have read and fully understood all the contents of this policy when you registered. Please note that we have used "bold and italic" to remind you of the contents related to your vital interests. Before you provide us with any personal sensitive information, please confirm that such provision is appropriate and agree that we will process the personal sensitive information you provide for the purposes and methods described in this policy. We will collect and use your personal sensitive information with your consent to achieve the relevant functions we provide to you. We allow you to choose "disagree" to the collection and use of these personal sensitive information, but refusing to provide this information will affect your use of the relevant functions of Zhuge products and/or services. If you do not understand part or all of this policy, it is recommended that you contact us by calling the customer service number 400-8094-843 for relevant consultation. If you still disagree with the terms of this policy on the basis of your full understanding of this policy, it is recommended that you stop using Zhuge products and/or services immediately. Please make sure that you are 18 years old (inclusive) or above. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should be accompanied by your parents or other legal guardians to read this policy, and only after your parents or other legal guardians agree to this policy can you use Zhuge products and/or services and provide us with your personal information. This policy will help you understand the following: 1. How we collect and use your personal information 2. How we use cookies and similar technologies3. How do we entrust our partners to process, share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information? 4. How do we store your personal information? 5. How do we protect your personal information? 6. How do we enable you to have the right to manage personal information? 7. How do we handle the personal information of minors? 8. How do we update and revise this policy? 9. How can you contact us? 1. How do we collect and use your personal information? We will collect and use your personal information actively provided by you when using Zhuge products and/or services, your users when accessing your products and/or services, your and your users' personal information actively collected by us when you use Zhuge products and/or services, your users' personal information generated when accessing your products and/or services, and your and your users' personal information obtained from third parties in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations mentioned in the introduction and the principles of legitimacy, legality, and necessity for the following purposes described in this policy. Regardless of the collection and use of your and your users' personal information in any of the above methods, we will usually only do so with your consent, unless in certain circumstances, personal information is collected from you and your users based on legal obligations or when it may be necessary to protect the important interests of you or others.Please understand that due to changes in business strategies, the functions of Zhuge products and/or services may also be changed and developed. If we want to use your personal information for other purposes not stated in this policy, or collect your personal information for specific purposes for other purposes, we guarantee that we will only collect or process your and your users' data for service purposes, and we will never artificially and subjectively collect and process your and your users' data. (I) Your personal information provided to us in the process of providing you with products and/or services Zhuge is a big data analysis and marketing technology solution service provider. In order to realize our business functions, it may be necessary to collect personal information from you. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use the product and/or service in whole or in part. Please note: If you provide the personal information of others, please make sure that you have obtained the authorization of the relevant subject. The following will list in detail various basic business functions and the personal information that needs to be collected to realize the function. Please read carefully and carefully judge whether to provide your personal information so that we can provide you with the corresponding service. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use Zhuge products and/or services in whole or in part. 1. Scenarios for collecting information 1.1 Register/log in to an account 1.1.1When you register a Zhuge account, in order to help you complete the registration and become a Zhuge customer, so as to provide you with customer service or you can freely experience the demo and view the information of the Zhuge official website, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number, and we will send a verification code to your mobile phone number to help you complete the account registration. If you only browse the Zhuge official website, you do not need to register as a Zhuge customer and provide the above information. 1.1.2 When you use a Zhuge account and log in, you need to enter your mobile phone number and log in by providing your mobile phone number plus a text message verification code. 1.2 Personal information After you become a registered user of Zhuge, you can use the relevant Zhuge products and/or services we provide you. If you agree to supplement and complete your personal information (such as contact name, email address), Zhuge will collect this information so that it can provide you with products and/or services that better meet your needs. 1.3 Display and push products or services Zhuge provides you with a personalized email push service. If you do not want to accept commercial advertisements sent to you by Zhuge, you can unsubscribe by replying to the prompt or other methods provided by Zhuge. 1.4 Communication Information To facilitate the provision of Zhuge's products or services to you, Zhuge will record the information you provide, such as the contact name, mobile phone number, email address, etc. When you contact Zhuge, Zhuge may save your communication/call records and content or the contact information you leave, etc., in order to contact you or help you solve the problem, or record the solution and results of the relevant problem.1.5 Other Uses When Zhuge uses information for other purposes not specified in this policy, or uses information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, it will seek your consent in advance. (II) Personal information we actively collect and use in providing you with products and/or services In order to meet the basic requirements of laws and regulations and the provision of products and/or services, to ensure your personal confidence and system operation security, to more accurately prevent phishing fraud, to conduct risk control and to provide you with a better service experience, we will collect relevant information generated during your use of Zhuge products and/or services to determine your account risks, to ensure that we provide you with normal services, to facilitate the analysis of our system problems, to count traffic, and to troubleshoot abnormal information. This information will also help us monitor the stability of the services we provide, such as: counting crashes and freezes, checking the performance of various interfaces, etc. This information and permissions include: 1. Device informationWhen you use Zhuge products and/or services, in order to provide you with better products and/or services and improve user experience, we will collect device attribute information [(hardware serial number, unique device identifier, international mobile equipment identity code IMEI, network device hardware MAC address, software list, IMSI information, advertising identifier IDFA, device connection information (browser type, telecom operator, language used) and device status information (device sensor data, device application installation list)]. For the information collected from your various devices, we may associate them so that we can provide you with consistent services on these devices. 2. Log information Date, time, and duration of the service. 3. Location information When you use Zhuge products and/or services, if you agree to enable the device's location permission and use our location-based related services, we may collect and process information about your actual location so that you can obtain related services without manually entering your own geographic coordinates. We will use various technologies for positioning and obtain your IP address, GPS and information obtained through sensors (such as devices near you, Wi-Fi access points, and base stations). You can stop collecting your location information by turning off location permissions, but you may not be able to obtain related services or features, or achieve the intended effects of related services. 4. Unique application numberWhen you use Zhuge products and/or services, some products and/or services contain unique application numbers. When you install, activate, update, uninstall related products and/or services or when these products and/or services communicate with us regularly (such as Demo updates), the system will send us this number and information related to use (operating system type and application version number). 5. Browsing history When you browse Zhuge official website, we will collect your browsing information, including browser type, browsing history and click history. This type of information is collected to improve functions and provide you with better experience and services. (III) We obtain your personal information from third parties We may collect and use your personal information from third parties (including our affiliates and partners) within the scope of your authorization and consent. We guarantee to strictly handle your personal information in accordance with the contract signed with the third party and relevant laws and regulations. At the same time, please read the privacy policy and user agreement of the third party in detail. If you refuse the third party to collect, use or transmit your personal information when providing services, you may be unable to use Zhuge's corresponding products and/or services. (IV) Exceptions based on consent According to the relevant laws and regulations, we may collect and use some necessary personal information without your authorization and consent in the following circumstances: 1. Related to the performance of obligations stipulated by laws and regulations; 2. Directly related to national security and national defense security; 3.4. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests; 5. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; 6. For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals’ major legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain their consent; 7. The personal information involved is disclosed to the public by you; 8. It is necessary to sign and perform a contract according to your requirements; 9. Your personal information is collected from legally disclosed information, such as from legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels; 10. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations. 2. How we use cookies and similar technologies When you use Zhuge products and/or services through the Internet, including but not limited to various mobile devices, we will save a small data file called Cookie on your device to ensure the normal operation of the website. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. The main function of Cookies is to facilitate your use of Zhuge products and/or services, and to help websites count the number of independent visitors. Using Cookie technology, we can provide you with more thoughtful and personalized services and allow you to set your specific service options.When you use Zhuge products and/or services, we will send cookies to your device. When you interact with the services we provide to our partners (such as advertising and/or promotional services, and service functions provided by Zhuge that may be displayed on other websites), we allow cookies (or other anonymous identifiers) to be sent to our servers. We will not use cookies for any purpose other than the purposes described in this policy. You can manage and clear all cookies saved on your computer according to your preferences, but if you do so, you will need to change your user settings yourself every time you visit our website, and you may not be able to log in or use the services or functions provided by Zhuge that rely on cookies due to such changes. In addition to cookies, Zhuge will also use other similar technologies such as web beacons and pixel tags on the website. For example, the email sent by Zhuge to you may contain an address link that jumps to the content of Zhuge's website. If you click on the link, Zhuge will track the click to help Zhuge understand your product and/or service preferences so that Zhuge can actively improve the user service experience. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from Zhuge's mailing list at any time or unsubscribe in other ways provided by Zhuge. III. How do we entrust partners to process, share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information?We will only share, transfer, publicly disclose your personal information or entrust partners to process your personal information for legitimate, proper, necessary, specific and clear purposes. We will only provide partners with personal information necessary for the service, and we will sign strict confidentiality agreements, data processing agreements and other written documents with partners, requiring them to strictly follow our requirements, this policy and any other relevant confidentiality policies and take security measures to process your personal information, and will track their processing behavior. We require our partners not to share your personal information for any other purpose other than the purpose of this policy. (I) Entrusted Processing Certain specific modules or functions in the Zhuge products and/or services we provide may be provided by external suppliers. We will conduct strict security testing on the application programming interface (API) and software tool development kit (SDK) used by partners to obtain relevant information, and agree with partners on strict data protection measures to process your personal information in accordance with our entrusted purpose, service description, this privacy policy and any other relevant confidentiality policies and take security measures. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations and individuals entrusted by us to process your personal information, urging them to follow Zhuge's personal information protection requirements and any other relevant confidentiality policies and take security measures to process your personal information. (II) Sharing We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances: 1.In order to provide you with more complete and high-quality products and/or services, some of our services will be provided by our partners. We may share some of your personal information with our partners after obtaining your explicit authorization or consent in advance. We will only share your personal information for legitimate, proper, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and will only share the personal information necessary to provide you with services. At the same time, we will sign a strict confidentiality agreement with our partners, requiring them to strictly follow our instructions, this policy and any other relevant confidentiality policies and take security measures to handle your personal information. We require our partners not to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. Partners may have their own independent privacy policies and user agreements. We recommend that you read and comply with the user agreements and privacy protection policies of third parties. The types and scope of shared personal information will be further explained and displayed when obtaining authorization or consent from you. 2. To the extent required or permitted by law, it is necessary to provide your personal information to a third party in order to protect the interests, property or safety of us, you or the public from damage. The types and scope of shared personal information will be determined in accordance with the requirements of laws, regulations and relevant provisions. 3. It is necessary to share your personal information in order to protect national security, public safety and the major legitimate rights and interests of you and other collective or individual persons. 4. Your personal information that you disclose on your own or that we obtain from other legal public channels.Please note: In certain sharing situations, we may obtain your consent through other authorization methods (such as pop-up notifications, signing authorizations, or notification terms of the use agreement). The content or text agreed upon in any other authorization method will constitute an effective part of this policy. If you refuse to share your personal information with our partners when providing specific services, you may be unable to obtain and/or use the services provided by the partner. (III) Transfer We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual other than Zhuge and its affiliates, except in the following circumstances: 1. Your explicit consent has been obtained; 2. It must be provided in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, industry regulations, legal procedures, litigation/arbitration, government mandatory orders, and regulatory requirements; 3. It is necessary to transfer your personal information in order to protect national security, public safety, and the major legitimate rights and interests of you and other collective or individuals; 4. Your personal information that you have disclosed yourself or we can obtain from other legal public channels. 5. If a merger, acquisition, separation or bankruptcy liquidation occurs, it may involve the transfer of personal information. We will ensure the confidentiality of such information during the transfer. In this case, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy. If there is any change in the collection and processing of personal information agreed in this policy, the company or organization will re-ask you for authorization and consent. (IV) Public DisclosureWe will not disclose your personal information publicly unless we obtain your explicit consent. We may disclose your personal information to the competent authorities based on laws, regulations, legal procedures, litigation/arbitration or mandatory requirements of government departments. However, we guarantee that when the above situation occurs, we will require the party requesting disclosure to produce corresponding valid legal documents and take security protection measures that comply with laws and industry standards for the disclosed information. IV. How we store your personal information The security of your personal information is of vital importance to us. We will strictly abide by relevant laws and regulations and take reasonable and feasible measures recognized by the industry to protect your personal information. Prevent information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, modification, and avoid information damage or loss. (I) Storage period During your use of our products and/or services, we will continue to store your personal information for you, and the storage period shall be the shortest time required to achieve the business under this policy. If you cancel your account or actively delete the above information, we will no longer use your personal information for commercial purposes after you cancel your account or actively delete the above information, but we may use your personal information after anonymization. (II) Storage regionYour personal information is stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. In the future, if some products or services involve cross-border and need to transfer your personal information overseas, we will strictly comply with the provisions of effective laws and regulations, and inform you of the purpose and recipient of the data outflow separately through pop-up windows or emails, and obtain your authorization and consent. We will ensure that the data recipient has sufficient data protection capabilities to protect the security of your personal information. V. How we protect your personal information (I) Technical measures and data security measures 1. We strive to adopt various physical, electronic and management security measures that meet industry standards to protect the security of your personal information, such as: SSL/application layer encryption technology, HTTPS two-way authentication technology, digital signatures, etc., to prevent personal information from being leaked or destroyed during collection, storage, transmission, etc., and inform you of the purpose and scope of use of relevant personal information through the user agreement and privacy policy. 2. We actively establish a data classification and grading system, data security management specifications, and data security development specifications to manage and regulate the storage and use of personal information, and ensure that personal information that is not related to the services we provide is not collected. 3.We will train and assess employees on data security awareness and security capabilities, and strengthen their awareness of the importance of personal information protection. We will deploy access control mechanisms to authenticate and control the rights of employees who handle personal information. We will sign confidentiality agreements with information contacts and partners to clarify the rights and scope of access, public disclosure, use, and modification to prevent personal information from being damaged or lost. 4. We will regularly conduct data security capability assessments/information security risk assessments to ensure that the security protection system is always in a complete state. 5. We have established a full-time team to develop and apply a variety of security technologies and procedures. We will conduct security background checks on security management personnel and personnel in key security positions. We have established a complete information security management system and internal security incident handling mechanism. We will take reasonable and feasible security measures and technical means that meet industry standards to preserve and protect your personal information to prevent your information from being lost, unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage, loss or leakage. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data. We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked. In order to better prevent your information from being leaked, please use a complex password to help us ensure the security of your account and personal information. (II) Security incident handlingWe will do our best to ensure the security of any information you send to us, but please understand that due to technical limitations and various malicious means that may exist in the Internet industry, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% security of information. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access our services may have problems due to factors beyond our control. Therefore, when the aforementioned security issues occur, you fully understand and we will do our best to minimize the damage. 1. In order to prevent the occurrence of security accidents, we will formulate emergency plans for network security incidents and promptly deal with security issues such as system vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, and network intrusions. When an incident that endangers network security occurs, we will immediately activate the emergency plan, take appropriate remedial measures, strive to minimize the loss, and report to the relevant competent authorities in accordance with regulations. 2. The leakage, damage, and loss of personal information are considered to be extremely large-scale security incidents of the company. We will be responsible for regularly organizing working group members to conduct security plan drills to prevent such security incidents from occurring. If unfortunately, we will activate the emergency plan with the highest priority, form an emergency response team, trace the cause and reduce the loss in the shortest time. 3.After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the handling measures we have taken or will take, the suggestions we have informed you of your own risk prevention and risk reduction, and your remedial measures, etc. in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the incident through the contact information you have reserved, such as in-site notification, SMS notification, telephone, email, etc. When it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will take reasonable and effective means to issue an announcement. 4. At the same time, we will also proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities and closely cooperate with the work of government agencies. VI. How we enable you to have the right to manage personal information We attach great importance to your rights to personal information and do our best to protect your rights to access, correct, and cancel your account so that you have sufficient ability to protect your privacy and security. Your rights include: (I) Right to access and correct You have the right to access and correct your personal information. You can contact the customer service staff in the manner described in Article 9 to access your personal information. (II) Right to delete In the following circumstances, you can request us to delete your personal information, and we will respond to your deletion request. You can contact us at any time through the contact information provided in Zhuge products and/or services: 1. If we collect or use personal information in violation of laws and regulations or the agreement with you; 2.If we share or transfer your personal information with a third party in violation of laws, regulations or your agreement, we will immediately stop sharing or transferring it, and notify the third party to delete it in a timely manner; 3. If we disclose your personal information publicly in violation of laws, regulations or your agreement, we will immediately stop disclosing it publicly, and issue a notice to request the relevant recipient to delete the relevant information. You can contact the method described in Article 9 to request the deletion of your personal information. Once the above deletion request is responded to, your personal information will be deleted in a timely manner, except for information that is otherwise required to be retained by laws and regulations. (III) Right to withdraw consent Each business function often requires the collection of some basic personal information to operate. If you want to change the scope of authorization, you can contact the method described in Article 9 to withdraw your consent and request the deletion of your personal information. When you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, and will no longer process your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the personal information processing activities previously carried out based on your consent or authorization. (IV) Cancellation of Zhuge service account If you want to cancel your registered Zhuge account, you can cancel it by contacting customer service. After canceling your account, you will no longer be able to enjoy the services provided by Zhuge. (V) Right to obtain a copy of your personal information According to laws, regulations and relevant national standards, you have the right to obtain a copy of your personal capital information and personal identity information. You can contact us through the methods described in Article 9.(VI) Rejection of Targeted Push If you do not want to receive personalized advertising push after automatic decision-making through algorithms, you can contact us in the manner described in Article 9. After you refuse to accept the targeted push service, we will delete or anonymize this part of your personal information, and will no longer make targeted push based on your personal information when providing you with business functions. (VII) Responding to your above request To ensure security, we may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. You may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. For all requests you make under this article, we will respond within fifteen days after receiving your request and verifying your user identity. In principle, we will respond positively to your reasonable requests and will not charge any fees, but we may reject those requests that are unreasonably repeated, require too many technical means (for example, the need to develop a new system or fundamentally change the current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very impractical. In the following circumstances, we will not be able to respond to your above requests in accordance with laws and regulations: 1. Related to our performance of obligations stipulated by laws and regulations; 2. Directly related to national security and national defense security; 3. Directly related to public security, public health, and major public interests; 4. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; 5.We have sufficient evidence to show that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights (such as your request will endanger public security and other collective or individual legitimate rights and interests, or your request exceeds the scope that can be covered by general technical means and commercial costs); 6. For the purpose of safeguarding the major legitimate rights and interests of the subject of personal information or other individuals such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person concerned; 7. Responding to the request of the subject of personal information will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals and organizations; 8. Involving commercial secrets; 9. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations. If you have further requirements for your rights as a data subject or have any questions, comments or suggestions, you can contact us through the methods described in Article 9 "How to Contact Us" of this Policy and exercise your relevant rights. VII. How we handle personal information of minors. We attach great importance to the protection of information of minors. Zhuge products and/or services are mainly for enterprises and adults. Before using Zhuge products and/or services, please make sure that you are 18 years of age (inclusive) or above. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should ensure that you have read and agreed to this policy with your parents or other legal guardians before you can use Zhuge products and/or services and provide us with your personal information.In the case of collecting personal information of minors with the consent of their parents or other legal guardians, we will only use or disclose this information when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of their parents or other legal guardians, or when it is necessary to protect minors. If you are the parent or other legal guardian of a minor, please contact us in a timely manner when you have any questions about the use of our products and/or services by the minors under your guardianship or the user information they provide to us. We will protect the confidentiality and security of minors' user information in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations and the provisions of this policy. If we find that we have collected personal information of minors without the prior consent of verifiable parents or other legal guardians, we will delete the relevant data as soon as possible. VIII. How we update and revise this policy. We reserve the right to update this policy from time to time. Without your explicit consent, we will not change the rights you should enjoy under this policy. If the privacy policy is updated, we will notify you by reasonable means (including pop-up prompts, prompts in prominent positions on the page, sending you emails or other means) so that you can be aware of any changes made to this policy in a timely manner. For major changes, we may also provide more prominent notices to explain the specific changes to this policy depending on the specific circumstances. Major changes include but are not limited to: (i) Major changes in our service model and business form, such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, and the way personal information is used;(ii) The main objects of sharing, transfer or public disclosure of personal information have changed; (iii) Your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and the way in which they are exercised have changed significantly; If you do not agree to the revised privacy policy, you have the right and should immediately stop using Zhuge products and/or services. If you continue to use Zhuge products and/or services, you will be deemed to have accepted the changes we have made to the relevant terms of this policy. IX. How to Contact Us If you have any comments or suggestions on this policy, or even if there is any dispute arising from this policy, you can contact Zhuge's privacy protection agency at 400-8094-843, and we will arrange for a specialist to provide you with consultation or coordinate to resolve your complaints and appeals in a timely manner. Generally, we will reply within fifteen days. In order to ensure that we handle your questions efficiently and provide you with feedback in a timely manner, you need to submit to us a valid identity certificate, valid contact information, written request and relevant evidence, and we will process your request after verifying your identity. If you are not satisfied with our response or handling opinions, you hereby agree to apply for arbitration to the Beijing Arbitration Commission, and the relevant laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China shall apply, and the arbitration shall exclude the jurisdiction of the court. 10. Glossary The specific terms used in this policy have the following meanings: (a) Affiliate: any corporate entity within the scope of Zhuge's consolidated financial statements, a corporate entity that is currently or in the future controlled, controlled by or under common control with any of the aforementioned companies.(ii) Control: refers to the ability to directly or indirectly influence the management of the company mentioned, whether through ownership, voting shares, contracts or other legally recognized methods. (iii) You: refers to users who use our products and/or services and other third parties. (iv) Partner: refers to suppliers with whom Zhuge has established a cooperative relationship. The supplier is responsible for providing certain specific modules or functions or services in Zhuge's products and/or services. (v) Personal information: refers to various information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information. Personal information includes basic personal information, personal identity information, personal biometric information, network identity information, personal health and physiological information, personal education and work information, personal property information, personal communication information, contact information, personal Internet access records, personal commonly used device information, personal location information, etc. For the avoidance of doubt, personal information includes but is not limited to personal sensitive information. (vi) Subject of personal information: refers to the natural person identified by personal information. (VII) Personal sensitive information: refers to personal information that, once leaked, illegally provided or abused, may endanger personal and property safety, easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. Personal sensitive information includes personal property information, personal health and physiological information, personal biometric information, personal identity information, network identity information, etc.(8) De-identification: refers to the process of technically processing personal information so that the subject of the personal information cannot be identified without the help of additional information. (9) Anonymization: refers to the process of technically processing personal information so that the subject of the personal information cannot be identified and the processed information cannot be restored. (10) China or within China: refers to the mainland of the People's Republic of China, and for the purpose of this policy only, does not include the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the Macao Special Administrative Region and Taiwan. (11) Device: refers to a device that can be used to access Zhuge products and/or services, such as smartphones. (12) Device identifier: refers to a string of characters incorporated into the device by the device manufacturer, which can be used to uniquely identify the corresponding device (such as the SN number of a mobile phone). (13) IP address: Each device that accesses the Internet is assigned a number called an Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is usually assigned based on geographic regions. Insights only for better applications Business growth starts now Start now Online consultation