Skip to content Kaspersky Website and Web Services Privacy Policy Last updated: May 26, 2023. Data Controller Information This Privacy Policy applies to AO Kaspersky Lab, located at bldg. 3, 39A, Leningradskoe Shosse, Moscow, 125212, Russian Federation, or each of its affiliated companies, as expressly stated in the consent form that references the current Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "Kaspersky", "Company" or "we"). It does not apply to Kaspersky websites that do not display or link to this Privacy Policy or have their own privacy policies, nor to Kaspersky's services and products that do not link to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy explains how we process your personal data and protect its privacy when you use our websites or web services. As a professional security company, data privacy and data security are very important to us. Therefore, we are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy and treating your personal data confidentially. If you have any questions or comments about the processing of your personal data and Kaspersky’s privacy practices, or would like us to update the information or preferences you have provided to us, please contact us by visiting the websitehttps://support.kaspersky.com/general/privacy or by contacting our Data Protection Officer by postal mail or email. Postal address: Kaspersky Labs GmbH, DPO AO Kaspersky Labs, Despag-Strasse 3, 85055 Ingolstadt, Germany; email address: dpo@kaspersky.com. You can also contact Kaspersky’s EU representative (pursuant to Article 27 of the GDPR) at Kaspersky Labs GmbH, Despag-Strasse 3, 85055 Ingolstadt, Germany. If you are a data subject located in Mainland China, you can contact Kaspersky China’s Data Protection Officer at dpo@kaspersky.com. General InformationIn connection with the process of retrieving the information you request from our website or web services, our servers store certain data necessary for the provision of the service and/or for statistical or security purposes in anonymized or pseudonymized form (pseudonymized form means data is collected under a pseudonym, i.e. a unique random alphanumeric string generated internally in order to identify each data record). In this context, we process general information, such as your domain name or browser type. This data does not enable us to draw conclusions about your identity. This anonymous or pseudonymized data is deleted immediately after statistical evaluation. We do not process any of your “special categories of personal data” (which includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, health information, and genetic and biometric data) for the purpose of identifying you personally, unless the definition and processing of “special categories of personal data” is otherwise required by local applicable law. Local requirements Where required by local applicable law, the processing of your personal data in certain cases must comply with the requirements of the local applicable law, including but not limited to separate consent and data protection impact assessment, data retention periods, legal basis and other local applicable laws. Automated decision-making We do not use automated decision-making on our website and services. Personal Data We Process and How We Use It Visiting our Website or Web Services Description of Services Display of ServicesTo provide our website or web services, we collect and process personal data that your web browser automatically transmits to us, specifically the date and time of access to one of our websites or web services, your browser type, browser settings, and IP address. The legal basis for our processing of your personal data is to protect our legitimate interests in providing access to our website or web services and ensuring the proper functioning of the technical functions of our website or web services. Log files During your use of our website or web services, we may process information about your IP address, network provider, browser type, domain names visited, and other information about the client environment (e.g., your device model, operating system, screen resolution, etc.). The purpose of this processing is to improve the security and availability of our website or web services. The legal basis for our processing of your personal data is to protect our legitimate interests in achieving the above purposes. Web analytics We also process information about which Kaspersky websites and web services you use and how you use them, the web page from which you were redirected to our website or web service, which pages of our website or web services you visited, the time you spent on those pages or services, the information you searched for on our website or web services, the time and date of your visit, and other statistical information.The purpose of this processing is to generate traffic statistics for Kaspersky's website or web services. The legal basis for the processing is your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time, after which we will no longer be able to process your data. You can withdraw your consent by clicking on the link at the bottom of each page on the website. Cookies Cookies are files or pieces of information that may be stored on your computer or other internet-enabled end-user device (such as smartphones and tablets) when you visit our website or use our web services. This information usually consists of an alphanumeric string that uniquely identifies the computer or end-user device, but may also contain other information. In our website or web services, we use various types of "cookies" (small text files placed on your device): A list of the cookies we use, an explanation of the purpose of the cookies, and other information about each cookie are provided in the Cookie Center of our company-specific website or in the relevant consent form or agreement. How long we store your personal data The data we process for the purpose of providing our services will be deleted directly by the web server after the service has been delivered. Log files will be deleted one year after they were created. Data we process for web analytics purposes will be deleted one year after they were created. The deletion period of cookies is 1 year after the deletion period of cookies in the Cookie Center of our company-specific website.Center or in the relevant consent or agreement. My Kaspersky, Kaspersky Account, Kaspersky Small Office Security Management Console and Anti-Theft Web Management (hereinafter referred to as the “Services”) Description of the Services Account registration. In order to use the Services and access all their features, you need to create a personal account, which requires you to provide us with your email address (which will serve as your username) and a password. We will only process and use this data for the purpose of providing you with the Services, unless applicable law permits or you have explicitly consented to the processing or use for other purposes (such as receiving useful news about Kaspersky products and services by email). You may also be required to provide us with your mobile phone number to further protect your account from unauthorized access. We will only use your mobile phone number to send you an authorization security code. The purposes and legal basis for processing your personal data are: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract.Account Settings and Purchases. You can use the Account Settings feature to view, update or correct your account data, password and preferences at any time, or even delete your account. In addition, you will be able to view your purchase history from our online store provider. In Account Settings, you will also be able to link a bank card to easily purchase other Kaspersky products and services. If you activate this option, our online store provider will associate your bank card data with your account for future orders. Kaspersky will establish a special link to your online store provider account and place orders on your behalf when you do so. Our online store provider also provides us with information about the bank card expiration date and the last 4 digits of the bank card number. However, we do not have access to other credit card information stored by our online store provider. The link to your account is technically established only through an internal user ID and password combination. These credentials do not give us access to your bank card or other personal data stored by our online store provider. The internal user ID is used to trigger orders you place through the online store. The purpose and legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract.Devices. After registration, you will be able to manage all devices covered by your use of Kaspersky products. For example, you can protect lost or stolen devices, easily check the status of Kaspersky products on each device or fix existing problems. To do this, you need to connect these devices using the Devices feature. In this case, a link must be established between your account and the devices you connect. Of course, this will only be done for the purpose of providing you with the Devices feature, unless applicable law permits or you have explicitly consented to other purposes. The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of the contract to which you are a party or taking steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract. Licenses. The Licenses feature allows you to manage all your Kaspersky product licenses by adding a valid activation code for each product and linking it to the devices you use. You can also choose to be automatically reminded of license expiration or use the automatic renewal feature. Reminders will only be sent to you by email if you explicitly request it. The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of the contract to which you are a party or taking steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract. Support. If you use the Support Service to request support from our customer service team, we will ask you to provide us with the necessary information so that we can provide you with such support. For example, your registration/license number, the last 4 digits of the bank card number used to purchase this license.You may also send us the file you are having problems with, your computer hardware, software, and the nature of the problem you are experiencing. In addition, for this purpose, it may be helpful or even necessary to send us the file you are having problems with via the "Upload" function. This may also contain personal data, such as user-specific information or other personally identifiable file names, metadata, or content. Of course, you always have the choice of whether to upload a file. If you choose to upload, please refer to our "Data Provision Terms" linked to the upload service and accept them in advance. The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract. How long we store your personal data The data will be deleted within 1 (one) calendar month after the account is deleted. Description of Kaspersky Business Hub Service Account registration. If you want to use Kaspersky Business Hub and have access to products offered in Kaspersky Business Hub, you need to create a personal account. To do this, you need to enter your email address (which will be used as your username) and a password. We will process and use this data only for the following purposes: to provide you with Kaspersky Business Hub features and to use Kaspersky Business Hub in Kaspersky Business HubThe products used in your account. We will process and use this data for other purposes only if you have given us your explicit consent (for example, consent to receive the latest news about Kaspersky products and services by email or consent to us contacting you about your Kaspersky product review). You can also provide your mobile phone number to further protect your account from unauthorized access and set security questions that you can use to regain access to your account if you forget your password. We will only use your mobile phone number to send security codes during the authorization process. You can view, update and edit your account information or delete your account at any time using the Manage Account feature. The purposes and lawful bases for processing your personal data are: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract. Licenses. You can use the Licenses feature to manage the licenses for Kaspersky products available to you on Kaspersky Business Hub. To do this, you must add a valid activation code for each product you use. We will send you automatic license expiration reminders by email. Access to manage certain licenses and use specific instances of our products depends on the access rights you have configured in the product. We use the country/region you specified when registering your account to provide the online license purchase feature. Online store service providers provide online sales authorization licenses.The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking pre-contractual steps at your request. Support. When you contact our customer service team through our support services, we ask you to provide the necessary information (e.g., your license number, email address, information about the product causing the problem, information about your computer hardware and software, and a description of the problem) in order to provide you with support. These files may also contain personal data, such as user information or identifiable file names, metadata, or file contents. You may send these files at your own discretion. The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking pre-contractual steps at your request. How long we store your personal data Your personal account information will be deleted within 1 (one) calendar month after account deletion. Data backups will be stored for no longer than 1 (one) month from the date the data was created. Kaspersky Endpoint Security Cloud Service Description Account registration. To use Kaspersky Endpoint Security Cloud and have access to all its features, you need to create a personal account on Kaspersky Business Hub. We process and use the email address you provide when registering for Kaspersky Business Hub to provide you with Kaspersky EndpointSecurity Cloud features. We may process and use this personal data for additional purposes only if permitted by applicable law or if you have given your explicit consent. The purpose and legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking pre-contractual steps at your request. Licenses. You can manage licenses for Kaspersky Security for Cloud using the Licenses feature. To do this, you must add a valid activation code for your license. If you request, we may send you automatic license expiration reminders by email. Access rights to manage specific licenses depend on your access rights and the rights of other users to access Kaspersky Business Hub. These access rights can be configured in specific workspaces of Kaspersky Security for Cloud. For more information, see our online documentation. The purpose and legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking pre-contractual steps at your request. Devices. After creating Kaspersky Security for Cloud, you can manage devices that are connected to your workspace and protected by Kaspersky products. Before you start managing devices through Kaspersky Endpoint Security for Cloud, you should take all necessary steps to comply with regulations regarding the use of Kaspersky Endpoint Security for Cloud services. You should also change the Kaspersky Endpoint Security for Cloud service settings.Cloud Edition to reflect your usage. For more information, see our online documentation. To ensure efficiency, devices managed in Kaspersky Endpoint Security for Cloud transmit data to management servers located in the Kaspersky Endpoint Security for Cloud Edition infrastructure. A list of data collected from managed devices is provided in the online documentation article "About data provision". The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking pre-contractual steps requested by you. Support. When you contact our customer service team through our support services, we ask you to provide information necessary to provide you with support (e.g., your license number, email address, information about the product causing the problem, information about your computer hardware and software, and a description of the problem). These files may also contain personal data, such as user or identifiable file names, metadata, and content. You may send these files at your discretion. The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking pre-contractual steps requested by you. How long we store your personal data You may delete data about your workspace by using the Manage workspace feature in Kaspersky Business Hub or by logging in to your Kaspersky Endpoint Security for Cloud Edition account.This data is automatically deleted after the Cloud Edition license expires. Detailed information on the storage period of workspace data can be found in the online documentation article "About data provision". Kaspersky Security Center Cloud Console Service Description Account registration. To use Kaspersky Security Center Cloud Console and gain access to all its features, you need to create a personal account on Kaspersky Security Center Cloud Console. To do this, enter your email address and password. We will process and use this data only for the following purposes: to provide you with the Kaspersky Security Center Cloud Console features. We will process and use this data for other purposes only if permitted by applicable law or if you have given your explicit consent. You can also provide your mobile phone number to further protect your account from unauthorized access and to set security questions that you can use to regain access to your account if you forget your password. We will only use your mobile phone number to send security codes during the authorization process. You can view, update and edit your account information or delete your account at any time using the "Manage Account" function. The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract.Licenses. You can use the Licenses feature to manage licenses for Kaspersky products that are available to you on the Kaspersky Security Center Cloud Console. To do this, you must add a valid activation code for each product you use. You can enable automatic expiration reminders for activated licenses in your Kaspersky products. Reminders will be sent to you by email only if you explicitly request them. The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. Devices. After you create a Kaspersky Security Center Cloud Console, you can manage devices that are connected to your workspace and protected by Kaspersky products. Before you start managing devices through Kaspersky Security Center Cloud Console, you should take all necessary steps to comply with applicable regulations regarding the use of the Kaspersky Security Center Cloud Console service. You should also change the settings of the Kaspersky Security Center Cloud Console to reflect your usage. For more information, see our online documentation. To ensure efficiency, in Kaspersky Security CenterDevices managed in the Cloud transmit data to the Administration Server located in the Kaspersky Security Center Cloud infrastructure. A list of data collected from managed devices is provided in the online documentation article "About data provision". The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking pre-contractual measures at your request. Support. When you contact our Customer Service team through our support services, we ask you to provide the necessary information (e.g., your license number, email address, information about the product causing the problem, information about your computer hardware and software, and a description of the problem) in order to provide you with support. These files may also contain personal data, such as user information or identifiable file names, metadata, or file contents. You may send these files at your own discretion. The purpose and legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking pre-contractual measures at your request. How long we store your personal data Your personal account information will be deleted within 1 (one) calendar month after the account is deleted. Data backups are stored for no longer than 1 (one) month from the date the data was created. Kaspersky Security Center CloudData about your workspace will be automatically deleted after the license expires or you request its removal through Customer Service. After the license expires, you are granted the right to continue using the product, although the product functionality will be limited. Detailed information about the storage period of data about your workspace can be found in the online documentation article "About data provision". Kaspersky Security for Microsoft Office 365 service description Account registration. In order to use Kaspersky Security for Microsoft Office 365 and access all its features, you need to create a personal account, which requires you to provide us with your email address, company name and password. You can use a Kaspersky Endpoint Security for Microsoft Office 365 account. We will process and use this data only for the purpose of providing you with the Kaspersky Security for Microsoft Office 365 service, unless applicable law permits or you have explicitly consented to the processing or use for other purposes (such as receiving useful news about Kaspersky products and services by email). The email address specified during the registration process will be used for communication with the provision of Kaspersky Security for Microsoft Office 365.Service-related notifications, including notifying you when a service is no longer available, when a trial period has expired, or when updates have been released. The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract. Account settings. You can review, update or correct your account data, password and preferences at any time, or even delete your account, using the Account settings feature. The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract. Configuring the service. The Kaspersky Security for Microsoft Office 365 service is directly integrated with Office 365 and requires access to Exchange Online or OneDrive. To configure an Exchange Online or OneDrive connection, you will be directed to the Microsoft Online website where you will be prompted to grant Kaspersky Security for Office 365 application permissions through an OAuth 2.0 process. The Kaspersky Security for Microsoft Office 365 service also requires a service account to access Exchange Online.Isolation. Service accounts can be configured automatically or manually. If automatic configuration is selected, the service will ask you for global administrator credentials. The service does not save this data in any form and only uses it for initial configuration and creation of the service account. If manual configuration is selected, global administrator credentials are required and the service account is created manually by the administrator. The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. Performance of services. In the course of performance, the Kaspersky Security for Microsoft Office 365 service receives messages and other objects (meetings, tasks, etc.) and OneDrive files to be scanned and processes them according to the protection settings. Kaspersky Security for Microsoft Office 365 does not save messages, OneDrive files or objects to be scanned in its infrastructure. The list of data accessed by the Kaspersky Security for Microsoft Office 365 service and data collected in the course of performance of the service is set out in the documentation section "About data provision". The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract.Support. If you use Customer Service to request support from our Customer Service team, we will ask you to provide us with information necessary to help us, such as your registration/license number, the last 4 digits of the bank card number used to purchase the license, email address, data about the products and services that the issue relates to, information about your computer hardware and software, and the nature of the problem you are experiencing. In addition, for this purpose, it may be helpful or even necessary to send us the file with which you are experiencing problems via the Company Account "Upload" function. This may also contain personal data, such as user-specific or otherwise personally identifiable file names, metadata or content. Of course, you always have the choice whether to upload a file. The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. How long we store your personal data The data will be deleted after 6 months following the expiration of the license. Kaspersky CompanyAccount Service Description Account Registration. To use Kaspersky CompanyAccount and access all its features, you must create: a personal account a company account, unless a colleague has already created one This will require you to provide your company email address (which will be your username), password, name, company name and country, and your company’s permission to use Kaspersky applications. We will only use this for the purpose of providing you with KasperskyCompanyAccount services and customer service, unless you explicitly opt-in to processing and use for other purposes. Upon registration, your personal account is linked to your company account. If a company account has been previously created, the registration information (name and company email address) is sent to your company's Kaspersky CompanyAccount administrator. The company employee who first registers the company and personal account is usually designated as the administrator. The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of the contract to which you are a party or taking steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract. Account settings. You can view, update, correct your account information and password at any time, or delete your account on the My Account tab. Your company's Kaspersky CompanyAccount administrator can also change your account settings and reset your password. If you are your company's Kaspersky CompanyAccount administrator, you can edit the personal accounts of all colleagues and block company-wide accounts (employees' personal accounts will remain in the system). The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of the contract to which you are a party or taking steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract. Consent. You can modify your account information and password at any time on the Kaspersky CompanyAccount administrator.The licenses provided during the registration process are automatically added to your company's Kaspersky CompanyAccount. Key files are not physically stored on Kaspersky CompanyAccount. Only records about your company's licenses are stored. Each company employee who links a personal account to your company's Kaspersky CompanyAccount has access to the list of licenses. The Kaspersky CompanyAccount administrator can remove company licenses by deleting them from the list. The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. Contract. If your company has purchased additional customer service plans, you can view a list of purchased services in the Agreements tab once the purchase has been included in the record. The list of contracts is provided to those company employees who were designated as having rights to use the paid services at the time of purchase. These employees automatically receive notifications about contract expiration. The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. Customer service request. If you contact KasperskyCompanyAccount Contact Customer Service for support, we may ask you to submit information necessary to assist you. This may include, for example, information about your request, your computer hardware, your company's network, software, and the nature of the problem you are experiencing. In addition, it may be helpful or necessary for you to send us files about the problem you are experiencing or that define your computer or network configuration. This can be done using the "Attach files" option in the request form. These files may contain user-specific or otherwise personally identifiable file names, metadata, or content. Uploading these files is always optional. To upload a file, first review and accept the data provision terms on the file upload page. In order to select the appropriate Customer Service department to handle your request, we use information about your company's license, country, and may also refer to the interface language you have selected in Kaspersky CompanyAccount. Your colleagues will have the right to view your request if the Kaspersky CompanyAccount administrator has manually changed the corresponding settings (administrators can view requests automatically). The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract. How long we store your personal dataYou can delete your account at any time in Account Settings or by submitting a deletion request to our Customer Service team. Once your account is deleted, your personal data will only be retained in Kaspersky databases for the duration of the retention period and you will not be able to access the Kaspersky CompanyAccount website using the deleted account. Description of Kaspersky Partner Portal Service We may ask you to provide personal data when you place an order, register a product, request a service, answer a survey, participate in a contest, and interact with us on our website or participate in other activities. It is entirely up to you to decide whether to continue to participate in any activity that requests personal data. However, please note that if you do not want to provide the requested data, you may not be able to complete the transaction. We use personal data for the following purposes: To provide you with information about virus alerts, product upgrades, new products, services, newsletters, informational emails, and research for future product ideas or improvements To help us create content that is relevant to you To provide you with Kaspersky-specific offers that may be of interest to you To help us build better products and services that meet your needs To help you quickly find software, service or product information that is important to you The legal basis for our processing of your personal data is the protection of our legitimate interests in achieving the purposes listed above.We also process your personal data for the purpose of enabling you to purchase and download products, obtain access to services, or otherwise participate in selected activities. In this case, the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is the performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract. How long we store your personal data Personal data is stored for as long as you use the Service and is deleted after your first request. GSI Parser Service Description The Service allows you to check and resolve computer compatibility issues between Kaspersky products and other software. To do so, you can provide us with report files for analysis by uploading them to the respective website. The data is transmitted to Kaspersky over a secure connection. We will protect the data you provide in accordance with legal requirements and the requirements described in the Kaspersky Website and Web Services Privacy Policy. You must create an account to use the Service. To create an account, you need to enter an email address and set a password. You can change your email address or password, or permanently delete your account in the Manage Account section. The legal basis for processing your personal data is the performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract. How long we store your personal data Uploaded objects will be stored on Kaspersky's systems for no longer than 90 days, after which they will be deleted and cannot be restored. Other websites and forms Description of servicesFeatured Content. In order to provide you with access to various content elements, such as white papers, videos, event registration, or access to dedicated marketing materials, we ask you to provide the necessary personal data (your first name, last name, email address, and phone number) to provide you with this featured content. The legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract. Free Trials. In order to test our products, we also ask you to provide us with your first name, last name, phone number, and email address. This data is used to send activation codes and remind you that your trial period has ended. Within 14 days of the end of your trial period, you may receive a final reminder and an offer to purchase a full license. The purpose and legal basis for processing your personal data is: performance of a contract to which you are a party or taking steps requested by you prior to entering into a contract. Newsletters, free product updates, and special offers. If you have subscribed to this information and provided us with your email address (and, in some cases, your first name and last name), we will use this data to provide you with information about products and services, free product updates, and special offers that may be of interest to you. The legal basis for processing your personal data is your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time, after which we will no longer be able to process your data. Consent can be withdrawn by clicking on the unsubscribe link in each email or by contacting us by email.Contact form. To contact us via our contact and support forms, you will be asked to provide your contact details (fields marked with an *), which we will process and use only as necessary for the purpose of contacting you and providing you with the requested information. You can decide whether to provide additional information (via fields without an *). Of course, we will also process this information in accordance with all applicable data protection requirements. This data will be forwarded to the Kaspersky regional team responsible for your location. The Kaspersky regional team will use this data to contact you. The legal basis for processing your personal data is the protection of our legitimate interests in achieving the above purposes. Annual customer satisfaction survey for users who have used customer service. Kaspersky conducts questionnaires for each incident and annual questionnaires for users who have used customer service to improve the quality of service. To conduct the annual customer satisfaction survey, we need the following data: Your email address, which helps us identify you as a user in our database and associate the opinions you provide in the survey with your contact information and the history of requests sent to our customer service team. The rate you pay for our customer service team and suggestions to help improve the quality of Kaspersky customer service provided. The legal basis for our processing of your personal data is to protect our legitimate interest in improving our services.We will delete your personal data if we no longer need it for the purposes we pursue, if the storage period specified in the consent has expired, or if you have withdrawn your consent and there is no other legal basis. In the latter case, we will delete the data as soon as the other legal basis no longer applies. You can configure your browser settings to block cookies or to notify you whenever a website wants to set a cookie. However, please be aware that blocking cookies may result in you no longer being able to use the functions of our website. Recipients of personal data Our website and web services are designed with the primary goal of limiting the processing of personal data to the minimum necessary to achieve the purposes for which it is processed. Within Kaspersky, only those who need access to personal data in order to perform their duties or complete their tasks are granted such access. We share your personal data with external recipients only if there is a legal reason to do so or if you have given your consent. External recipients include: Processors: service providers we use to provide specific services, such as suppliers. Insofar as these external service providers need access to personal data, we ensure that any such access is limited to the extent necessary to provide the respective service. In addition, such external service providers are of course required to comply with all applicable data protection regulations. Public authorities: official bodies and state institutions, such as the Public Prosecutor's Office, courts or tax authorities, to which we may have to transfer personal data in individual cases.Private organizations: We transfer your personal data to them as required by law or with your consent. Where we process personal data / Data transfers to third countries or regions Personal data provided to Kaspersky by users may be processed in countries outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA), including the following countries: United Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada, Singapore, Russia, Japan, United States, Mexico, China, Azerbaijan. Kaspersky has always taken appropriate security measures to protect your personal data in accordance with security and privacy best practices, including the use of the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal data between its group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal data processed in the EEA to the same standards as required by EU data protection law. If we share your personal data with third-party service providers outside the EEA and Switzerland, we ensure before the data is transferred that: unless exceptions are permitted by statutory law, the recipient must implement an appropriate level of data protection or have appropriate security safeguards in place. You can contact us here to obtain a copy of the appropriate security safeguards. In accordance with our general business practices, data received from users in the EU will be processed on servers located in the EU and Russia. If required by local applicable laws, we will select a cross-border data transfer mechanism in accordance with the requirements of local applicable laws, and meet the relevant conditions and complete the relevant procedures or take the protective measures required for cross-border data transfer.What data subject rights you have and how to exercise them We also inform you about certain rights you have regarding the personal data we process: Right to be informed. You have the right to receive clear, transparent and understandable information about how we use your personal data and your rights. Right of access. You have the right to request confirmation as to whether we are processing your personal data and, if so, to be informed of such processing Right to rectification. You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data we process. In addition, you can request the completion of incomplete data. Right to erasure (right to be forgotten). In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that we erase your personal data. Right to restriction of processing. In certain circumstances, you have the right to restrict our processing of your personal data. For example, you can restrict where you contest the accuracy of the personal data, or where the processing is unlawful and you object to the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of its use instead. Right to data portability. If you have provided us with your personal data based on a contract or consent, you have the right to request the transfer of your personal data. We will provide your personal data to you or a third party of your choice in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Right to object Right to object based on your particular situation You have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data based on our legitimate interests on grounds relating to your particular situation (Article 6 (1) f) GDPR)); including profiling in accordance with these provisions. If you have objected, we will no longer process the personal data for those purposes, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. Objection to processing for direct marketing purposes If we process your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object to such processing at any time. If you have objected, we will no longer process it for direct marketing purposes. Right to withdraw consent. You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data. Your withdrawal of consent will not affect the validity of any processing of your personal data that has already been carried out before that. Right to complain. If you believe that the processing of personal data concerning you is unlawful, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged violation. If applicable local law requires otherwise, the local legal requirements shall prevail. You may exercise the above rights at any time by contacting us directly. Home Products Kaspersky Anti-Virus Kaspersky Security Kaspersky Total Security All Products Free Anti-Virus Small Businesses 1-49 Employees Kaspersky Small Business Security All Products Medium Businesses 50-999 Employees Basic Edition Internet Security Solutions Standard EditionCybersecurity Solutions Premium Cybersecurity Solutions All Products Large enterprises with more than 1,000 employees Cybersecurity Services Kaspersky Threat Management and Defense Kaspersky Cybersecurity Hybrid Cloud Security Cybersecurity Training Threat Intelligence All solutions © 2024 AO Kaspersky Lab Adaptive security technology is based on patent CN201821502 “Adaptive security of information devices” and its equivalents in the US, Russia and the EU. ICP license number: 12053225 Beijing Public Security Network License No. 11010102001169 Privacy Policy Cookies Anti-Corruption Policy License Agreement B2C License Agreement B2B Contact Us About Us Partners Resource Center Press Releases Site Navigation Site Navigation China (China)