VIPKID Privacy Policy December 2020 Edition Introduction Beijing Dami Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "VIPKID" or "we") attaches great importance to the protection of user personal information. When you download, open, browse, register, log in, and use the "VIPKID" website, software and related products and/or services ("Products and/or Services"), we may collect and use your relevant information. Through this Privacy Policy, we hope to explain to you how we will collect, use, store and share this information, as well as the ways we provide you with to access, update, control and protect this information. This Privacy Policy is closely related to the VIPKID products and/or services you use. We hope that you will read it carefully and, when necessary, follow the guidance of this Privacy Policy to make the choices you deem appropriate. For the relevant technical terms involved in this Privacy Policy, we try to use concise and concise expressions to facilitate your understanding.If you do not agree to the relevant content of this Privacy Policy regarding basic business functions, it may affect the effectiveness of providing you with corresponding products and/or services. Your use of our products and/or services means that you agree that we will collect, use, store and share your relevant information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. When this Privacy Policy is updated, we will promptly publish the latest version on the VIPKID platform. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or related matters, you can contact us through the customer service hotline on the homepage of the VIPKID website (www.vipkid.com.cn) or online consultation. This Privacy Policy contains the following: 1. How we collect and use your personal information 2. How we use Cookies and similar technologies 3. How we store your personal information 4. How we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information 5. Your rights 6. Information security 7. Protection of children's personal information 8. How your personal information is transferred globally 9. Scope of application of the Privacy Policy 10. Changes to the Privacy Policy 11. How to contact us 12. About us 1. How we collect and use your personal information 1.1In order to ensure the normal operation of basic business functions such as user registration, course services, online courses, customer service, gift package delivery, and various extended business functions such as personalized marketing and providing personalized user experience, we will collect and use the following information about you. If you do not provide relevant information, you may not be able to register as our user or use and enjoy certain products and services we provide, or you may not be able to achieve the intended effects of the relevant products and/or services. (1) Basic business functions a) User registration. To use any product and/or service of VIPKID, you must become a formal member of VIPKID. When you register for a VIPKID User Center account or use products and/or services provided by VIPKID, you will need to provide us with your mobile phone number and student age information. We will verify the validity of your identity information through SMS verification codes. We will encrypt and store this data in a secure server. b) Course services. In order to provide you with complete products and/or exclusive services, VIPKID will ask you to provide the student's name, gender, language and your WeChat account information. VIPKID needs this data to quickly and conveniently provide you with relevant course services and continuously optimize the service content to better meet your usage needs. At the same time, according to relevant laws and policies, you need to complete the student information in the personal center after logging in and provide the student's real name. c) Online courses.In order to successfully complete the online course, you need to check whether the network, camera, and microphone functions of your device are normal before the class. When using these functions, you need to open the access rights of the camera and microphone functions on the device to us. You can use these functions to communicate online and interact with the course teacher through video. In order to provide you with perfect products and/or exclusive services, we will record and video the course when you use our products and/or services. You can replay and watch after the course. When you open these permissions, it means that you authorize us to collect and use these personal information to achieve the above functions. You can also close the corresponding access rights at any time in the device. If you close the permissions, it means that you cancel these authorizations, then we will no longer continue to collect and use your personal information, and we will not be able to provide you with the above functions corresponding to these authorizations. If you continue to use these functions, you need to re-enable the access rights. Your decision to close the permissions will not affect the processing of personal information based on your authorization. d) Customer Service. To protect the security of your account, we may use your account information to verify your identity when providing you with customer service; when you need to provide customer service consultation or after-sales service, we will query your order information to help you solve order problems. When you communicate or consult with our customer service, we will record the conversation. e) Sending supplementary teaching materials.If you receive any supplementary teaching materials, gift packages, or redeem gifts according to the activity rules published by any VIPKID platform when using our services, we will collect your recipient information, contact address and mobile phone number in order to send you supplementary teaching materials and/or gifts. f) Local caching of service data. In order to provide you with comprehensive product services, VIPKID will obtain the local storage permission of your device for product and/or service-related image storage and local caching of course tutoring data. (2) Extended business functions a) Personalized marketing • With your prior consent, we will ask you to provide your or your students’ personal information, including occupation, education, age, and gender information, in order to improve VIPKID’s products, services, and publicity. VIPKID may use such personal information to prepare overall reports on the user base. Such personal information and overall reports are anonymous and will not contain content that can identify you or your students. • Based on the needs of marketing activities, we will obtain your address book information with your authorization and consent to facilitate you to share relevant activities with your address book friends. You can cancel such authorization at any time through your device system settings. b) Provide a personalized user experience With your prior consent, we will automatically collect your information or obtain system permissions for the purpose of analyzing your use of our products and/or services and optimizing advertising, including:Device or software information, including configuration information provided by your mobile device, web browser or other programs used to access our products and/or services, the version and device identification code used by the mobile device, and information related to the device’s location (IP address, GPS location, and WLAN access point, Bluetooth and base station sensor information that can provide relevant information); • Information searched or browsed when using our products and/or services, including the web search terms you use, the URL addresses of social media pages visited, and other information and content details you browse or request when using our products and/or services; • With your authorization and consent, write relevant course information to your calendar when using our products and/or services. • When using our products and/or services, if you want to upload pictures and/or videos, we will obtain the camera permission of your device with your authorization and consent; • In order to facilitate you to contact us, we will obtain the write address book permission of your device with your authorization and consent, so as to write our customer service phone number into your address book; • When using our products and/or services (such as Mengwaquan), we will apply for the read address book permission and device location permission of your device with your authorization and consent, so as to recommend videos of your address book friends and/or nearby friends to you; •The biometric services provided by the device system you use can be used to distinguish your unique physiological features, including your facial recognition data and/or fingerprints, such as Apple's Touch ID, Face ID and similar technologies in the Android system. You understand that the collection, storage and comparison of your biometric information will be completed by the mobile phone or device you use and its system, and we will not save such information. We will only apply to you to open this permission when your use of our products and/or services may consume your class benefits. • Information (metadata) contained in the content you share through our products and/or services, including the date, time or location of the photos, recordings or videos taken or uploaded.You should be aware that the above functions are extended business services provided by us to you. We will enable the above functions with your consent. You can choose not to provide us with the personal information related to the implementation of the above functions, or refuse to open the corresponding system permissions. In this case, you will not be able to experience the above services. At the same time, after you enable the above business extension functions, you can manage, refuse or close the relevant permissions at any time through the system settings. Closing the permissions means that you have canceled these authorizations. We will no longer continue to collect and use your personal information, and we will not be able to provide you with the above services and/or functions corresponding to this authorization. If you continue to use these functions, you need to re-enable access rights. Your decision to close permissions will not affect the processing of personal information previously performed based on your authorization. Here we guarantee that if you do not choose the above extended business functions, it will not affect your normal use of the basic business functions we provide to you. 1.2 For the security of your account, we have established the VIPKID User Center, and your following information will be displayed in the VIPKID User Center: (1) The types of synchronized information include: the mobile phone number, avatar, nickname you used when registering on our platform; commercial information such as orders generated when using the service; and generated learning information, including students' course schedules, course reports, learning tasks, etc.;(2) Synchronized applications include: VIPKID English (including the parent side and learning center), Dami Online School, VIPKID Enlightenment, and new products developed under the VIPKID brand in the future. 1.3 In order to provide you with more professional and secure basic business functions and additional business functions, our platform embeds third-party software development kits (SDKs) for technical reasons. The third-party SDKs embedded in our platform and the information collected or shared with third parties are as follows: (1) Tencent BuglySDK: In order to improve service stability and facilitate the rapid and accurate location of problems after a related service crashes, Tencent Bugly will collect and share your basic device information during your use of the service, including device IID, system version, and device model; (2) Bugtags SDK: If you complete online courses on the iOS system, in order to improve service stability and facilitate the accurate location of problems after a crash occurs when using related services, Bugtags SDK will collect your device information (device UDID and IP information) and your operation behavior records (including click behavior, web browsing history, and user operation records) during the use of the service; (3) QQ Sharing SDK: In order to enable you to share on the QQ platform, QQ Sharing SDK will collect your device information including device model and system version;(4) Ali Push SDK: If you complete online courses on the Android system, in order to obtain remote configuration to support the upload of media resources and enable you to achieve better push functions for mobile applications, Ali Push SDK will collect your basic device information during your use of the service, including device version number, device model, system version, IP address, device IMEI number, and IMSI number. The above third-party SDKs will collect your personal information based on product functions. We will only authorize your corresponding personal information to the above third-party plug-ins when you authorize and agree to activate the relevant functions or we give you sufficient prompts when you actively use the relevant functions. 2. How we use Cookies and similar technologies We or our third-party partners may collect and use your information through cookies and store such information as log information. We use our own cookies to provide you with a more personalized user experience and products and/or services, and for the following purposes: (1) Remember your identity. Cookies help us identify you as our registered user or save your preferences or other information you provide to us; (2) Analyze your use of our products and/or services. We may use cookies to understand what activities you perform using our products and/or services, or which web pages or products and/or services are most popular with you; (3)Advertisement optimization. Cookies and web beacons help us provide you with advertisements related to our products and/or services based on your information. While we use cookies for the above purposes, we may also use non-personally identifiable information collected through cookies to analyze how users use our products and/or services and for our advertising services. You can reject or manage cookies through your browser settings. However, please note that if you disable cookies or web beacons, you may not be able to enjoy the best service experience and some products and/or services may not work properly. In order to confirm your usage patterns and website usage, our website will record your device's IP address and browser type, user browsing behavior and operation behavior, etc., to help us improve the design and layout of VIPKID. 3. How we store your personal information Your personal information will be stored for the shortest period of time necessary to achieve the necessary purpose of business functions. After such storage period, the personal information will be deleted or anonymized. In principle, the personal information collected and generated by us in our operations within the People's Republic of China is stored in China, except in the following circumstances: (1) there are clear provisions in laws and regulations; (2) with your explicit authorization. In the above circumstances, we will ensure that your personal information is protected in accordance with laws and regulations and this Privacy Policy. 4.How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information (1) Sharing We will not share your personal information with any company, organization, or individual outside of our company unless we have obtained your explicit consent. Currently, we will ask for your authorization and consent to share your personal information in the following circumstances: a) Our affiliates We will share your course recording information with our affiliates based on the purpose of unified group management and the principle of necessity and reasonableness to achieve basic business functions and help us design new business models, evaluate and improve our services, and enhance user experience. For this purpose, your personal information may be transferred to the United States where our affiliates are located. Our affiliates will securely handle the information of service recipients in accordance with applicable laws such as applicable data protection laws. b) Partners We will share your personal information with our partners based on business promotion purposes and the principle of necessity and reasonableness to jointly market and promote products, services, or events that may interest you, analyze and understand user needs through big data analysis and other means, design new business models, evaluate and improve our services, and enhance user experience. Any such sharing is subject to confidentiality and security obligations. c) Our service providersWe may appoint a third-party service provider to manage and/or operate certain functions or services on our behalf, and the proper performance of such functions or services may require the transfer of the information you submit. For example, we will share your consignee information, address information and mobile phone number with the logistics company based on delivery needs to complete the delivery of goods; we may also provide your personal information to the service provider on a necessary and reasonable basis to complete or improve the services provided to you. d) We may share your personal information with others in accordance with laws and regulations or the mandatory requirements of government authorities. For companies, organizations and individuals who share your personal information, we will sign a strict confidentiality agreement with them and require them to handle personal information in accordance with our requirements, this Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. (2) Transfer We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances: a) Transfer with explicit consent: We will transfer your personal information to other parties after obtaining your explicit consent; b) In the event of a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if personal information is transferred, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy, otherwise we will require the company or organization to re-ask your authorization and consent. (3) Public Disclosure We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances: a) with your explicit consent; b)Disclosure based on law: We may disclose your personal information publicly when required by law, legal process, litigation or government authorities. 5. Your rights (1) Your rights to your personal information In accordance with relevant Chinese laws, regulations, standards, and common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you can exercise the following rights over your personal information: a) Access your personal information You have the right to access your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. If you want to exercise your data access rights, you can view or modify your account settings and information by logging into your account. b) Correct your personal information If you find that there is an error in the personal information we process about you, you have the right to request us to make a correction. You can make a correction request through the methods listed in "Access your personal information". We will respond to your correction request within 15 days. c) Deletion of your personal information You can request us to delete your personal information in the following circumstances: • If our processing of personal information violates laws and regulations; • If we collect and use your personal information without your consent; • If our processing of personal information violates the agreement with you; • If you no longer use our products or services, or you cancel your VIPKID User Center account; • If we terminate our products or services.You can make your deletion request through the customer service hotline on the homepage of the VIPKID website (www.vipkid.com.cn). If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities that obtained your personal information from us and require them to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or these entities obtain your independent authorization. When you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but we will delete the information when the backup is updated. d) Change the scope of your authorization consent Each basic business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. You can give or withdraw your authorization consent at any time for the collection and use of personal information collected for the purpose of expanding business functions, and you can manage your authorization through the device system permission settings. When you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization. e) Account cancellation by the subject of personal informationYou can apply to cancel your previously registered VIPKID User Center account through the customer service hotline on the homepage of the VIPKID website (www.vipkid.com.cn). We will handle the corresponding cancellation procedures for you after verification. After your VIPKID User Center account is cancelled, we will stop providing you with any VIPKID products and VIPKID services, and delete your personal information at your request, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. f) Respond to your request For security reasons, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. We will respond within fifteen days. If you are not satisfied, you can complain through the customer service hotline on the homepage of the VIPKID website (www.vipkid.com.cn) or online consultation. In principle, we do not charge any fees for your reasonable requests, but for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost fee depending on the circumstances. We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require excessive technical means (for example, the development of new systems or fundamental changes to existing practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are extremely impractical (for example, information stored on backup tapes). (2) Circumstances in which we are unable to respond to your request We will be unable to respond to your request in the following circumstances: a) related to the performance of the obligations of the Personal Information Controller as required by laws and regulations;b) Directly related to national security and national defense security; c) Directly related to public security, public health, and major public interests; d) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; e) The controller of personal information has sufficient evidence to show that the subject of personal information has subjective malice or abuses his rights; f) In order to protect the major legitimate rights and interests of the subject of personal information or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person concerned; g) Responding to the request of the subject of personal information will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of the subject of personal information or other individuals and organizations; h) Involving commercial secrets. 6. Information Security We will only retain your personal information for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy (https://www.vipkid.com.cn/agreement/privacy) and for the time limit permitted by laws and regulations. In order to protect the security of your information, VIPKID will take reasonable and necessary measures to protect your information at the current level of technology, and take physical, technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risk of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and modification, including but not limited to transport layer data encryption, firewalls and encrypted storage, physical access control, and information access authorization control. To this end, we have set up security procedures to protect your information from unauthorized access and theft. VIPKID also insists on using a password when logging in to prevent your personal data and learning records from being accessed without authorization.When you use VIPKID products and/or services, please keep your account and password safe. We will use your account and password to identify you. Once you leak your VIPKID account and password, you may lose your information and may suffer adverse legal consequences. If you find that your VIPKID account and password have been or will be leaked for any reason, please contact our customer service immediately so that we can take appropriate measures. However, we are not responsible for this until we are aware of this situation and take action within a reasonable time. After an unfortunate personal information security incident occurs, we will inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, your own suggestions for preventing and reducing risks, and your remedial measures. We will inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident by email, phone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will take reasonable and effective means to issue an announcement. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in a timely manner in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities. 7. Protection of Children's Personal InformationWe understand that the personal information of students we collect and process may come from minors under the age of 14 ("children"), and we attach great importance to the protection of children's personal information. In this regard, we strictly follow the relevant domestic personal information protection regulations such as the "Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China" and the "Regulations on the Protection of Children's Personal Information Online" to implement protection responsibilities and make the following commitments: (1) Children shall not create their own VIPKID User Center account without the consent of their guardians; (2) Before collecting children's personal information, we will remind children and their guardians to read this "Privacy Policy" and inform them of the scenarios in which we collect and process children's personal information and the information security protection measures we have taken; (3) We will only collect and process children's personal information with the authorization and consent of the children's guardians, and strictly process this part of personal information in accordance with the law with the consent of the guardian or when it is necessary to protect the children; (4) We have provided children and their guardians with a way to refuse the above collection and processing. Children and their guardians can contact us through the contact information attached to Article 11 of this Privacy Policy to express their specific intention to refuse, and we will handle it on the basis of proper identity identification; (5) In general, we will not collect personal information that is not related to the implementation of the corresponding functional scenarios described in this Privacy Policy; if due to business needs, it is necessary to collect and process beyond the agreed purpose and scope, we will specifically inform the child's guardian and obtain his or her consent;(6) We will strictly set the information access rights under different functions to control the scope of children's personal information; (7) Children and their guardians also enjoy the rights of the personal information subject described in Article 5 of this Privacy Policy; (8) In accordance with the requirements of domestic personal information-related laws, regulations and standards, the storage requirements and protection measures shown in this Privacy Policy, we will ensure the security of children's personal information. (9) In order to better protect the information of minors, we will designate a person to be responsible for the protection of children's personal information. If you have any questions, please contact us by sending an email to the contact information attached to Article 11. 8. How your personal information is transferred globally In principle, the personal information we collect and generate within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China and will only be transferred overseas with your authorization and consent (if it is a child, the authorization and consent of the guardian will be obtained). At present, when students receive course services through live broadcasts, our foreign teachers will be exposed to the personal information provided by students in the course recordings to ensure the interactive effect and quality of the class. The above-mentioned class recordings and the personal information therein may include your facial recognition data, voiceprint data, nickname, and other personal information you actively provide in class.In the above scenarios, your personal information may be accessed or obtained by the above-mentioned overseas organizations or individuals. We will only transfer the minimum scope of personal information necessary to achieve the above-mentioned purposes, and will strictly comply with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations to protect your personal information and ensure the security, confidentiality and integrity of relevant personal information during cross-border transmission. 9. Scope of application of the Privacy Policy Except for certain specific products and services, all of our products and/or services are subject to this Privacy Policy. These specific products and services will be subject to specific privacy policies. The specific privacy policies for certain specific products and services will more specifically explain how we use your information in such products and services. The privacy policy of the specific product and/or service constitutes a part of this Privacy Policy. If there is any inconsistency between the privacy policy of the relevant specific service and this Privacy Policy, the privacy policy of the specific product and/or service shall apply. Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to the information we collect, store, use, share and disclose. Unless otherwise expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the following situations: a) Information collected by third-party services (including any third-party websites) accessed through our products and/or services; b) Information collected by other companies or organizations that provide advertising services in our products and/or services.Please be aware that if you provide your personal information to a third party when browsing a third-party website or using a third-party product and/or service, your information shall be subject to the third party's privacy statement or similar policy. We do not assume any legal responsibility for any third party's improper use or disclosure of the information you provide, regardless of whether you log in to or browse the above-mentioned website, software, or use its products and/or services based on VIPKID's links or guidance. 10. Changes to the Privacy Policy We may revise the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time, and such revisions shall constitute part of this Privacy Policy. If such revisions result in a substantial reduction of your rights under this Privacy Policy, we will publish the changes to this Privacy Policy by posting a prominent notice on the homepage or by other means we deem appropriate (including sending you an email or notifying you in other ways) before the revision takes effect. In this case, if you continue to use our products and/or services, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. 11. How to Contact Us We have set up a dedicated department for personal information protection. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us through the following methods: email to security@vipkid.com.cn, or through the customer service hotline on the homepage of the VIPKID website (www.vipkid.com.cn) or online consultation. Generally, we will respond within fifteen days.If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if our handling of personal information has damaged your legal rights, you can also seek solutions through the Education Commission, Internet Information Office, Telecommunications, Industry and Commerce and other regulatory authorities. 12. About Us Beijing Rice Technology Co., Ltd. Registered address: 2223, 2nd Floor, Building 23, No. 18, Anningzhuang East Road, Qinghe, Haidian District, Beijing