Introduction Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we", "Hainan Airlines", "HNA") respects and takes measures to protect your personal information. This Privacy Policy aims to explain the rules of Hainan Airlines' collection and use of your personal information, as well as how you can exercise your rights related to personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to our official website (www.hnair.com), Hainan Airlines overseas website (www.hainanairlines.com), Hainan Airlines APP, Hainan Airlines WeChat public account, Hainan Airlines mini program (such as WeChat mini program) and other channels. This privacy clause applies to Grand China Air Co., Ltd. The main contents of this Privacy Policy include: 1. Data protection principles 2. Occasions, types and purposes of collecting your personal information 3. How we entrust processing, sharing, transfer and disclosure of your personal information 4. The basis for our processing of personal information 5. How we protect your personal information 6. How we store your personal information 7. How we transfer your personal information globally 8. Protection of children's personal information 9. Your rights to protect personal information 10. Updates to the Privacy Policy 11. How to contact us If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, or wish to report or complain to us about any violation of this Privacy Policy, please contact us through the contact information at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. 1. Data Protection PrinciplesWhen processing personal information, we will comply with the following data protection principles: 1 We will process personal information in a lawful, fair and transparent manner; 2 We will only collect personal information for specified, clear and legitimate purposes, and will not process personal information in a manner inconsistent with such legitimate purposes; 3 We will only process personal information for appropriate purposes and when necessary; 4 We will keep personal information accurate and updated, and take reasonable actions to ensure that inaccurate personal information is deleted or corrected in a timely manner; 5 We will store personal information in an appropriate form to ensure that the information is not kept longer than is necessary for the purpose of processing the information in terms of identifying the data subject (the individual to whom the personal information relates); 6 We will take appropriate technical and organizational management measures to ensure the security of personal information and protect it from unauthorized or illegal processing, or accidental loss, damage or destruction. II. The occasions, types and purposes of our collection of your personal information 1 Information you provide voluntarily In order to provide you with air transportation services, we will ask you to voluntarily provide the following personal information: ●Identity information and contact information: your gender, date of birth, ID number, passport number, documents that meet the civil aviation requirements, nationality, country of permanent residence, your name, address, telephone number, email address, and personal information of other people traveling with you (including contact information of traveling with you), used to notify you or relevant contacts of flight and order information (including flight travel, check-in, reimbursement, flight delays, flight cancellations, insurance business, etc.), arrange your itinerary, send you itinerary or other products, verify your identity, invite you to feedback on service quality, accept your complaints and suggestions, provide you with HNA account-related services and other products of HNA, and push marketing information to you with your consent. Please note that when you book related services for others, you need to submit the personal information of the passenger. Before providing us with the personal information of the passenger, please ensure that you have obtained the consent of the passenger and that the passenger knows and accepts this privacy policy. ● Fortune Wings member information: your member account and flight information, beneficiary information of mileage redemption, Fortune Wings family account information, etc., used to manage our Fortune Wings members, verify member identities, and handle point accumulation, rewards, redemption and other frequent flyer program services for you. ●Identity document information and images required for business services: identity card, passport, visa page, documents that meet the Civil Aviation Administration's boarding requirements, validity period, issuing authority, age or date of birth, gender, and corresponding document images that may be required, which will be used to verify your identity in the process of booking air tickets, reserving seats, checking in, boarding, reviewing and handling entry and exit procedures, aviation insurance services, providing HNA account-related services, and other services provided to you (such as handling complaints) in accordance with regulatory requirements. During the real-name authentication process, you will also be required to provide biometric features (static or dynamic facial features) to complete the real-name authentication. ● Payment information: Account personal information (such as Alipay, WeChat, Cloud QuickPass, Baitiao, Paypal, UnionPay, etc.), order and operation records, logs, and risk control information provided to us by online payment platforms (Alipay, WeChat, Cloud QuickPass, Baitiao, Paypal, UnionPay, etc.) so that we can manage your payment information when purchasing tickets, verify your identity, and provide HNA account-related services. ●Information that helps improve travel services or other services: special service needs, personal preferences (such as in-flight meal preferences, aircraft seat preferences, in-flight service preferences), used to improve the relevance of our products and services, improve our services and provide you with services that are more in line with your requirements, and with your consent, we may target our marketing advertisements. When you need to apply for special services such as stretchers and unaccompanied minors, we may ask you to provide additional personal information based on the type of service you apply for, such as: disability certificate, medical certificate, name and contact number of the person picking up/dropping off, ID number, etc. The above information you provide will continue to be authorized for us to use during your use of this service. After the service ends, we will anonymize or delete your above information as soon as possible in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations. ● Other personal information: transactional transactions and online transactions related to points and mileage activities of other airlines; personal information obtained by monitoring the use of our products and services, such as self-service devices, flight status notifications and online check-in; personal information collected through questionnaires, opinion collection or other marketing survey activities; personal information provided to HNA for investigation or problem solving, such as information to verify your identity.We use this personal information to facilitate your travel, provide you with other travel-related products and services, manage our "Fortune Wings Club", conduct marketing, and provide you with information and contact information about us. The personal information we ask you for and the specific reasons will be made clear to you when we ask you for your personal information. 2 Information we collect automatically When you visit our website, APP, mini-programs, and WeChat public accounts, we will automatically collect specific information about you from your device for technical and equipment reasons. The information we collect automatically will include your: 2.1 Device information: device model, operating system version, browser version number, IMEI number, cookie identifier or other identifiers such as radio frequency identification tags, Mac address, IP address, port information, DNS, mobile operator, data network standard, ROOT logo, network access method, login channel, APP version number, login time, hardware number and other log information and technical parameter information related to the user's network, system, and equipment. 2.2The device’s broad geographic location (including country or city-level location), and other technical information. Such as traffic data, location data, and the resources you access when you enter our website. The location data will be collected multiple times when you visit our website, including when the APP launches the advertising page, when you open the homepage of our website, when you enter the ticket booking page, when you enter the airport list page, the flight schedule search page, the historical order query page, etc. If you refuse to authorize location information, we will not collect it again unless you uninstall and reinstall it. This information is used by third parties such as Umeng, Dingxiang, and Tingyun to analyze and determine the uniqueness of the device and security risk control. We use this information for operational purposes to help us better understand our user groups and improve our service capabilities. If you refuse the above information collection, we will not be able to provide you with basic functions or services in the online environment (APP, official website, mini program or WeChat public account). 2.3 Sharing of third-party account information. When you visit our website, APP, and mini program, if you use a third-party account (such as APPLEID, etc.), or when you visit a WeChat official account and log in using a WeChat user ID, we may obtain the account information that you authorize to share from a third party, and bind your third-party account to your HNA account, so that you can log in directly through the third-party account and use our products and/or services. We will use your relevant information (such as Openid, Unionid, etc. for WeChat users) within the scope of your authorization. 3 List of device permissions we obtain When you use the Hainan Airlines APP, we need to obtain some permissions in order to provide you with better services. Before obtaining the corresponding permissions, we will ask for your consent. You can also turn off the corresponding authorization through the settings of the device operating system. 4 The purpose of our collection of personal information With your consent, the personal information we collect from you in the following scenarios may be collected, used, disclosed and/or processed in order to provide you with better and more convenient services, including: 4.1 Evaluate, process and provide our products, services and/or facilities that you request. Including but not limited to:Sell ​​air tickets, air tickets plus hotels, in-flight merchandise, etc.; send you reservation confirmations for products or services; provide you with flight-related services, such as check-in, meals, seat selection, baggage services, irregular flight protection, special passenger services, etc.; provide notifications and reminders related to products or services during your journey, such as boarding gate reminders, baggage carousel reminders, etc.; fill in the departure city for you based on location information, match the departure information of special air tickets, fill in the departure city on the air ticket booking page, match the airport information on the airport list page, match the flight schedule search information, match the historical order query information, etc.; 4.2 Provide you with any assistance you request, including but not limited to: you authorize us to conduct relevant inquiries or information confirmation operations, answer your questions and inquiries, assist you in transaction operations, provide you with technical assistance, etc.; 4.3 Maintain and enhance the customer relationship between you and us. Including but not limited to: inviting you to join the Fortune Wings Club, inviting you to participate in various forms of satisfaction surveys, etc.; 4.4 Determine your identity. Including but not limited to: requiring you to show relevant documents during check-in, boarding, baggage inspection, etc., informing you of the login behavior of the online account, and requiring you to provide relevant documents when handling membership services; 4.5 Managing and processing any payments (including refunds) related to the products, services and/or facilities or other commercial transactions you request. Including but not limited to: making order payments/processing your refund requests; fulfilling our compensation obligations; 4.6Respond to any inquiries or complaints you have raised in connection with any transaction between you and our company and resolve any issues and disputes that arise; 4.7 With your consent, provide you with relevant information and updates on the products, services, facilities, customer loyalty programs, promotions, product launches, special marketing, competitions and/or exhibitions offered or organized by us and our affiliated partners from time to time. Including but not limited to: sending you event invitations, delivering or distributing prizes to you, information about our related events, information about changes in the products and services you purchased, etc. 4.8 With your consent, achieve direct marketing purposes through SMS, phone, email, text message, social media and/or any other appropriate communication means, including but not limited to managing our customer loyalty or reward programs, including the use of airport VIP lounges and managing Fortune Wings Club affairs; implementing flight code sharing or similar commercial arrangements with other airlines; meeting your dining requirements when using our products, services and/or facilities; meeting internal management and record keeping requirements; sending you holiday greeting messages from time to time; sending you service and account change notification messages when necessary; 4.9 Monitor, review and improve our products, services, facilities, promotional programs and/or exhibition activities. Including but not limited to: our website and APP use cookies, our website and APP use traffic analysis and performance monitoring tools 4.10Conduct market research or studies, internal marketing analysis, customer data management, customer pattern and choice analysis, planning/statistics/trend analysis for our products, services and/or facilities; 4.11 Process, integrate and/or analyze your personal information for the above purposes; 4.12 Detect, investigate and prevent fraud, prohibited or illegal activities; 4.13 Meet our audit, risk management and security purposes; 4.14 Enable us to perform our obligations under any agreement or document to which we are a party and exercise our rights under such agreement or document; 4.15 Transfer or assign the rights, interests and obligations under any agreement entered into by us; 4.16 Comply with any applicable legal or regulatory requirements and make information disclosures in accordance with the provisions of any law, legislation, regulation, directive, court order, rule, guide, notice or code applicable to us from time to time ("Applicable Law"); 4.17 Exercise or protect the rights you and we have under any Applicable Law and perform our obligations under any Applicable Law. 4.18 If we intend to use your data for any other purpose, we will inform you in advance and obtain your consent, unless we are permitted to process your personal information without your consent under the GDPR or any other applicable law.We may conduct de-identified research, statistical analysis and prediction on the collected information to improve the content and layout of ticket bookings, provide product or service support for business decisions, and improve our products and services, such as using anonymous data for machine learning or model algorithm training; to achieve specific advertising service functions, we will collect customers' rough location information, device information, advertising display and click data for advertising delivery, monitoring attribution and data statistics. III. How we entrust processing, sharing, transfer and disclosure of your personal information In order to smoothly carry out our business operations and/or to fulfill our obligations to you, we may disclose the personal information we collect from you to third parties for one or more purposes described in Article 4 of Chapter 2 of this policy. For example, third parties to whom we may disclose your personal information include: 1 Other companies in our group, such as our sister airlines. 2 Third-party service providers, agents, affiliates or affiliated companies that provide operational services related to our business (such as data entry, communications, information technology, logistics, warehousing, catering, delivery, assembly, installation, printing and mailing services, credit investigation, financing or services related to marketing promotion activities). Including but not limited to: 2.1 Providers of related additional services, such as hotels, insurance companies, logistics companies, catering companies, sales product suppliers, etc. 2.2Other airlines. For example, code-sharing partners, cross-selling partners, etc. Please note: Other airlines have their own privacy policies. If your travel plans include travel with other airlines, we recommend that you review other policies as they may differ from this Privacy Statement. 2.3 Information technology providers, such as China Civil Aviation Information Group, Amadeus, Google, etc. 2.4 Service providers that have signed and authorized traffic analysis and performance monitoring for websites and apps, such as Umeng, Chumai, etc. 2.5 Push service providers, we may provide your device platform, device manufacturer, device brand, device identification code (such as IMEI, MAC, IDFA, etc.), application list information, network information (such as IP address, WIFI information, etc.) and location-related information to push service providers to provide you with push technology services, such as Zhejiang Daily Interactive Network Technology Co., Ltd. 2.6 Contracted and authorized security management providers to identify abnormal device/account status, such as Dingxiang. 3 Our professional consultants and/or auditors. 4 Relevant government regulatory agencies or government agencies (exercising their powers under any applicable laws). Including but not limited to: submitting to public security agencies (such as the National Civil Aviation Public Security Big Data Training Center) for screening to maintain public security and counter-terrorism. 5Third parties with whom we do business are only entitled to use your personal information to perform the services entrusted to them. As part of the agreements we enter into with them, these third parties may be required to comply with the GDPR and/or any guidelines we provide, and to take reasonable steps to ensure the security of your personal information. 6 Hainan Airlines APP uses the SDKs of the following suppliers. During your use of specific functions of the APP, we may share or disclose your specific personal information to the following SDK suppliers in order to achieve the following scenarios or service purposes: Name Business purpose Collection of personal information Third-party link Dingxiang (Beijing Dingxiang Technology Co., Ltd.) Risk control MAC address, device unique identifier IMEI, location information, device environment software and hardware information https://www.dingxiang-inc.com/docs/detail/const-id#doc-h2-3 Tingyun (Beijing Keynote Network Co., Ltd.) Performance monitoring, user portrait MAC address, device unique identifier IMEI, location information, network status, device environment software and hardware information https://wukongdoc.tingyun.com/app/privacy.html Umeng (Umeng Tongxin (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd.) Performance monitoring, user portrait MAC address, device unique identifier IMEI, location information, SIM cardIMSI, device environment software and hardware information, network status https://www.umeng.com/page/policy Baidu SDK (Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd.) Face recognition real-name identity authentication MAC address, device unique identifier IMEI, camera, storage permissions, device environment software and hardware information https://ai.baidu.com/ai-doc/REFERENCE/Vkdygjliz UnionPay (China UnionPay) Payment MAC address, device unique identifier IMEI, SIM card IMSI, mobile phone number https://user.95516.com/pages/miscewAgree.html WeChat (Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd.) Share screenshots or orders, payment, login MAC address, device unique identifier IMEI, SIM card IMSI, network information, UnionID https://developers.weixin.qq.com/community/develop/doc/000288f25fc35889c22b0987659c00 Alipay Payment SDK (Alipay (China) Network Technology Co., Ltd.) Payment MAC address, device unique identifier IMEI, SIM card IMSI, network informationhttps://opendocs.alipay.com/open/01g6qm Weibo (Beijing Weimeng Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd.) Share screenshots MAC address, device unique identifier IMEI https://open.weibo.com/ firebase (Google) Performance monitoring, user portrait MAC address, device unique identifier IMEI, location information https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy maa Wangsu (Wangsu Technology Co., Ltd.) CDN acceleration MAC address, device unique identifier IMEI, network information, device environment software and hardware information, SIM card IMSI None Getui (Daily Interactive Co., Ltd.) Message push MAC address, device unique identifier IMEI, application list information, device environment software and hardware information, network information, SIM card IMSI https://docs.getui.com/privacy/ IV. The basis on which we process personal information 1 Before processing your personal information and during the processing, we will regularly perform the following operations: 1.1 Review the purposes of the specific processing activities and select the most appropriate lawful basis for the processing, namely: (a) the data subject has consented to the processing; (b) the data subject has consented to the processing;The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract; (c) the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject; (d) the processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person; (e) the processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests of the Company or of a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject – see Article 2 of this Chapter. 1.2 Except where processing is based on consent, ensure that the processing is necessary for the purposes of the relevant lawful basis (i.e. there are no other reasonable means of achieving that purpose); 1.3 record our decisions on which lawful basis applies to help demonstrate that we are complying with the data protection principles; 1.4 include information about the purposes of the processing and its lawful basis in our relevant privacy notices; 1.5 where processing of sensitive personal information is required, the lawful special conditions for processing that information shall also be identified and recorded (see Article 3, clause 3.2.2 of this Chapter); 1.6 where processing of information concerning criminal offences is required, the lawful special conditions for processing that information shall also be identified and recorded. 2 When determining whether the company’s legitimate interests are the most appropriate basis for legitimate processing, we will: 2.1 conduct and document a legitimate interests assessment (“LIA”) to ensure we can justify our decision; 2.2If the LIA identifies a significant privacy impact, we will consider whether we also need to conduct a Data Protection Impact Assessment (“DPIA”) 2.3 Keep the LIA under review and repeat it if circumstances change; 2.4 Include information about our legitimate interests in our relevant privacy notices. 3. Sensitive Personal Information 3.1 Sensitive Personal Information is sometimes referred to as “special categories of personal data” or “sensitive personal data” (such as information about your health status). 3.2 We will only process Sensitive Personal Information where: 3.2.1 We have a lawful basis as set out in clause 1.1 above, for example, where it is necessary for compliance with the company’s legal obligations or for the company’s legitimate interests; 3.2.2 One of the special conditions for processing sensitive personal information applies, such as: (a) the data subject has given explicit consent. Including but not limited to: when you apply for special passenger services from us, such as wheelchair passengers, stretcher passengers, etc.; when you apply for a refund due to illness from us, etc. (b) Necessary for the purpose of exercising the labor law rights or obligations of the company or the data subject; (c) Necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject and the data subject is physically unable to give consent; (d) Processing involves personal data that is obviously made public by the data subject; (e) Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; (f) Processing is necessary for major public interests. 3.3Before processing any sensitive personal information, our employees will notify the data protection officer of the proposed processing so that he or she can assess whether the processing meets the above criteria. 3.4 Sensitive personal information will not be processed until: 3.4.1 The assessment referred to in clause 3.3 has been carried out; 3.4.2 The person concerned has been appropriately informed of the nature of the processing (through a privacy notice or other means), the purposes of the processing and its legal basis. V. How we protect your personal information 1 We will take appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure the security of personal information, in particular to prevent unauthorized or unlawful processing and accidental loss, destruction or damage. These measures may include: 1.1 Ensuring that personal information is pseudonymized or encrypted where possible; 1.2 Ensuring the continued confidentiality, integrity, availability and resiliency of processing systems and services; 1.3 Ensuring timely restoration of access to and permission to personal information in the event of a physical or technical incident; 1.4 Regularly testing, evaluating and assessing the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures to ensure the security of processing. 2 If we use external organizations to process personal information on its behalf, additional security measures will be implemented in the contracts signed with these external organizations to protect the security of personal information. In particular, contracts with external organizations will stipulate that: 2.1 the organization may only act in accordance with our written instructions; 2.2 the organization processing the data is subject to a duty of confidentiality; 2.3Appropriate measures must be taken to ensure the security of processing; 2.4 Subcontractors may only be engaged with our prior consent and in a written contract; 2.5 The organization will assist us in providing subject access and in allowing individuals to exercise their rights in relation to data protection; 2.6 The organization will assist us in fulfilling its obligations in relation to processing security, data breach notification and data protection impact assessment; 2.7 The organization will delete or return all personal information to us as required at the end of the contract; 2.8 The organization agrees to be audited and inspected, to provide us with any information required to ensure that both parties have fulfilled their data protection obligations, and to notify us promptly if it is required to do something that infringes data protection law. VI. How we store your personal information 1 Personal information (and sensitive personal information) should not be retained for longer than necessary. The length of time data should be retained depends on the circumstances, including the reason for obtaining the personal information. Generally, personal information will be retained for as long as necessary or for 7 years after it is no longer needed, whichever occurs first. 2 Personal information (and sensitive personal information) that is no longer required will be permanently deleted from our information systems and any hard copy copies will be securely destroyed. VII. How we transfer your personal information globally In principle, the personal information we collect and generate within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China.In order to support your reservations, payments and provide you with other services related to our core business, your personal information may be transferred to countries other than your country of habitual residence for processing. These countries may apply different laws related to personal information protection (please note that the degree of protection of your personal information may be different under the laws of different countries). Specifically, our website servers are located in the People's Republic of China, and our group offices and our third-party service providers and partners are located all over the world. This means that when we collect your personal information, we will process this data in the above countries. If your personal information is transferred from the People's Republic of China to outside the People's Republic of China, we will conduct risk assessments and/or personal information protection impact assessments in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, or sign standard contractual clauses issued by the Chinese Internet Information Office. When transferring personal information out of the country based on your consent, we will inform you of the relevant information in accordance with the law and obtain your separate consent. We will take appropriate protective measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice. This includes implementing the standard contractual clauses provided by the European Commission for the transfer of personal information between offices under our group. The above clauses require all offices under our group to protect the personal information we process in accordance with applicable data protection laws. VIII. Protection of Children's Personal Information 1HNA attaches great importance to the protection of minors' personal information. If you are a minor under the age of 14, or you are identified as a minor under the laws of other countries, you should obtain the written consent of your parents or legal guardians before using our products and/or services. HNA protects minors' personal information in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations. 2 If a minor provides us with personal information without the consent of his or her parents or guardians, or if you believe that HNA has accidentally collected the personal information of a minor (in accordance with applicable laws) without the prior permission of his or her parents or guardians, please immediately contact our data protection officer through the contact information described in Chapter 11 of this Policy to ensure that such information is deleted or unsubscribe from marketing promotion emails or other activities. IX. Your rights to protect personal information You have the following rights to protect personal information: 1 You have the right to choose to unsubscribe from the marketing information we send you at any time. We may send you marketing information through APP message push, SMS, WeChat public account, email, etc., with your consent, including personalized and precise marketing information, such as preferential routes, price discounts for products or services, etc.You can manage whether to receive APP push marketing information in the Hainan Airlines APP through "IOS System Settings-Notifications-Hainan Airlines-Allow Notifications" or "Android System Settings-Notifications (or Notifications and Status Bar)-Management-Hainan Airlines-Allow Notifications, or Hainan Airlines APP Settings-New Message Reception Switch". If you need to choose to unsubscribe from other marketing information, please contact us using the detailed contact information in "Contact Us-Service Hotline". 2 At the same time, in order to show you product or service information that better meets your needs, we will collect and use your browsing history, search history, geographic location, device information, and other information authorized by you when you visit or use our website and client, so as to recommend and display corresponding personalized products and/or services to you in the APP. If you do not want personalized recommended products and/or services during the use of the APP, you can globally turn off the APP personalized recommendation products through (APP Settings-Privacy Management-Personalized Recommendation Switch). Turning off the personalized push switch will cause you to not be able to see the products you are interested in in the APP, which will affect your user experience. It is recommended that you consider carefully before turning it off. Personalized recommended content can enhance your browsing and usage experience. It is recommended that you keep it turned on. 3If you wish to cancel your current account information, you can call Hainan Airlines 24-hour customer service hotline 95339 or Fortune Wings Club customer service hotline 95339-8. We will delete your relevant information after your account is cancelled. Please note that if you cancel your account information through Fortune Wings Club customer service hotline 95339-8, you will not be able to continue to use the Fortune Wings Club channels and related channels, including Hainan Airlines, Grand China Airlines, Tianjin Airlines, Hong Kong Airlines, Lucky Air, Capital Airlines, Fuzhou Airlines, Suparna Airlines, Beibu Gulf Airlines, Urumqi Airlines, Changan Airlines, West Air and other websites or APPs normally. We will respond to the personal information protection rights requests of relevant individuals in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations on personal information protection. X. Updates to Privacy Policy The right to modify and update this privacy clause belongs to Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. We may revise and update this privacy clause from time to time and publish the latest version on the Hainan Airlines official website, Hainan Airlines APP, Hainan Airlines WeChat public account, and Hainan Airlines mini program (such as WeChat mini program). We recommend that you check this page regularly when using our websites, apps, WeChat public accounts, and mini-programs so that you can understand whether there are any changes to the privacy terms. XI. How to contact us At any time, if you have any complaints, dissatisfaction or opinions about how we handle your personal information or our compliance with GDPR or other applicable data protection laws;wish to withdraw any consent you have previously given us regarding the use of your personal information; You may contact our Data Protection Officer (or "Data Protection Officer") and/or our EU Representative. We will do our best to deal promptly and fairly with any complaints, grievances or comments you may have. Our Data Protection Officer has overall responsibility for handling all aspects of the protection of your personal information and is responsible for assisting us in monitoring internal compliance, providing information and advice on our data protection obligations, and acting as a liaison between us and you and any regulator. If you have any questions or comments about the contents of this policy, or need more information, please contact the following persons: Our Data Protection Officer: [hna-dpo@hnair.com]; Our EU Representative: [hna-dpo@hnair.com].