Privacy Policy of Fanbi.com Updated on: February 27, 2023 Effective on: March 15, 2023 Beijing Fanbi Blue Sky Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we") is the operator of Fanbi APP, with registered address: Room 601, 6th Floor, 101, 1st to 7th Floor, Building 103, No. 10, Jiuxianqiao North Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing. We are well aware of the importance of personal information to you and will do our best to protect your personal information safely and reliably. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us and abiding by the following principles to protect your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of selective consent, the principle of minimum sufficient use, the principle of ensuring safety, the principle of subject participation, the principle of openness and transparency, etc. At the same time, we promise that we will take corresponding security protection measures to protect your personal information in accordance with the mature security standards of the industry. The products/services we provide (including products/services without independent privacy policies) are all subject to this privacy policy. These products/services include Fanbi.com, Fanbi Teacher, Fanbi Postgraduate Entrance Examination, Fanbi Accounting, Fanbi Law Examination and other websites, clients, and related WeChat open platform accounts or mini-programs. In addition, for certain specific products/services, we will also formulate separate privacy policies to explain the special policies of these products/services to you. If there is any inconsistency between the relevant specific privacy policy and this Privacy Policy, the specific privacy policy shall apply. This policy will help you understand the following: 1. Definition and scope of personal information 2. How we collect and use your personal information3. How we use cookies and similar technologies 4. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information 5. How we store and protect your personal information 6. Your rights 7. How we handle children’s personal information 8. How this privacy policy is updated 9. How to contact us [Special Tips] Before using the products and services we provide, please read carefully and fully understand this "Privacy Policy" (we have bolded the key content for you to pay special attention) and make corresponding choices. Once you use or continue to use our products and services, it means that you agree that we will process your relevant information in accordance with this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you can contact us through the methods provided in "How to Contact Us" in this privacy policy. 1. Definition and scope of personal information1. Personal information: Personal information is various information related to an identified or identifiable natural person recorded electronically or otherwise, excluding information after anonymization. The personal information that may be involved in this privacy policy includes but is not limited to: basic personal information (including name, telephone number, gender, address, birthday, etc.); personal identity information (including ID card information, etc.); network identity information (including system account, IP address, email address and passwords, passwords, password protection answers related to the above); personal property information (including bank account, transaction and consumption records and virtual property information, etc.); personal Internet records (including website browsing records, click records, etc.); personal device information (including unique device identification code and other information describing the basic situation of personal commonly used devices); personal location information, etc. 2. Sensitive personal information: refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, is likely to infringe on the personal dignity of a natural person or endanger personal and property safety, including biometrics, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical health, financial accounts, whereabouts, etc., as well as personal information of minors under the age of fourteen. The sensitive personal information that may be involved in this privacy policy includes: personal identity authentication information, personal property information and other information (personal Internet records, location information, address book information, etc.). II. How we collect and use your personal information(I) When you use our products/services, you need/can choose to authorize us to collect and use personal information including: 1. Device information: We will accept and record information about the device you use (such as device model, operating system version, device settings, IDFA, IDFV, Android ID, Oaid, device manufacturer, SIM card information, device environment and other software and hardware feature information), information about the location of the device (such as IP address, GPS location (where the Android version obtains precise location in the dot pen scenario) and sensor information such as WLAN access points, Bluetooth, SSID and base stations that can provide relevant information) based on the specific permissions you authorize during software installation and use, and information obtained through the use of the device permissions you grant, such as album information or installed application list information (only for the Android version when using third-party applications to open PDF files, go to the app store to rate, and use the customer service system to make calls). If you refuse to grant us the corresponding permissions during installation and/or use, we will not record the corresponding information; 2. Service log information: When you use the products or services provided by our website or client, we will automatically collect detailed information about your use of our services and save them as relevant network logs. For example, search query content, course viewing history, course viewing time, IP address, browser type, telecom operator, access date and time, and your access history, etc.3. Please understand that individual device information, log information, etc. are information that cannot identify a specific natural person. Unless such non-personal information is combined with other information to identify a specific natural person, or is used in combination with personal information, such non-personal information will be considered personal information during the combination period, and we will anonymize and de-identify such personal information (unless you have authorized us or laws and regulations provide otherwise). 4. When you contact us, in order to verify your identity and help you solve the problem, we may record your conversation with us and collect other necessary information needed to solve the problem. (II) Scenarios where you need to authorize us to collect and use personal information 1. Help you become a user of "Fenbi.com" In order to facilitate your use of our products/services, you need to first become our registered user so that we can provide you with services. You need to provide the phone number used to register and log in to the Fenbi.com account, the name or nickname filled in by the user, the avatar uploaded by the user, and create a Fenbi.com account and password. After you actively cancel your account, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with legal requirements.When you use the identity authentication function or electronic signature service, according to relevant laws and regulations, you may need to provide your real identity information (real name, ID number, phone number) to complete the real-name verification. Among them, some information is sensitive personal information, you can refuse to provide it. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to purchase the relevant courses, but it will not affect the normal use of other functions and services. 2. Providing products or services to you 2.1 When you visit Chalk or use the services we provide, we may record relevant information about user operations (including but not limited to the user's computer IP address, device identifier, hardware model, operating system version and log information related to Chalk services) to optimize Chalk to provide you with better services. 2.2 When you choose to participate in our business activities, the personal information and third-party payment service account you provide may be used according to the needs of the activities. This information may include sensitive personal information (personal phone number, admission ticket number, Alipay account, bank account), which is necessary for you to receive transfers or gifts. If you refuse to provide this information, we may not be able to transfer money or issue gifts to you. 2.3 Our customer service and after-sales functions will use your account information to provide you with consulting services.When you contact us, we may save your communication or call records and content or the contact information you leave to help you solve the problem, or record the solution and results of the relevant problem. Our customer service will use your account information to verify your identity with you. You may provide other information other than the above information when communicating with our customer service staff. 2.4 Business Functions 2.4.1 Registration, Login, Authentication a. When you register and log in to Chalk and related services, you can create an account through your mobile phone number, and you can complete the relevant network identity identification information (avatar, name/nickname, password), which is collected to help you complete the registration. You can also choose to fill in gender, birthday, region and personal introduction to complete your information according to your own needs. If you only need to browse and search for services, you do not need to register as our account and provide the above information. b. Based on our cooperation with communication operators, when you use the "one-click login" function of Chalk, with your explicit consent, the operator will send your mobile phone number to us so that we can provide you with a quick login service. Mobile phone numbers are sensitive personal information. If you refuse to provide them, you will not be able to register and log in to Chalk using the “one-click login” method. However, this will not affect your registration and login through other methods, nor will it affect the normal use of other functions.c. When you use the identity authentication function in the electronic signature service, according to relevant laws and regulations, you may need to provide your real identity information (real name, ID number, phone number) to complete real-name verification. This information is sensitive personal information, and you can refuse to provide it. If you refuse to provide it, you may not be able to obtain the relevant services, but it will not affect the normal use of other functions and services. 2.4.2 Purchase, reimbursement, refund a. When you purchase course products on Chalk, you need to provide the contact name, delivery address, and contact information so that we can mail the corresponding books and materials to you. b. When you pay on Chalk, you can choose the payment service provided by the third-party payment institution that cooperates with Chalk (such as WeChat Pay, Alipay, APPLEPAY and other payment channels). The payment function itself does not collect your personal information, but we need to share your order information and reconciliation information with these payment institutions to confirm your payment instructions and complete the payment. c. When you purchase our courses that require you to pay the fee after landing and/or refund the fee, you authorize and agree that Chalk will submit your personal identity information (including name, ID number, contact address), contracted mobile phone number, and your personal biometric information (face image data) to Hangzhou Shangshangqian Network Technology Co., Ltd., which will verify the identity authentication platform data and provide technical support to meet the requirements for the effectiveness of electronic contracts. If you do not agree to the authorization, you will not be able to purchase Chalk's agreement courses. d.When you purchase our courses that require you to pay after you land and/or refund courses, in order to prove that you meet the conditions for payment/refund, you need to provide us with your admission ticket number, application position information (including but not limited to region, position and title), and pass status, so that we can determine whether you meet the conditions for payment/refund agreed in the contract. If a refund occurs, you also need to provide us with your name, bank card number, and account opening bank information so that we can refund you in a timely manner. e. Chalk physical goods are delivered by a third party. In order to smoothly, safely and accurately complete the delivery and distribution of goods, the third-party delivery company will inevitably obtain relevant delivery information during the delivery process of the shipping machine. We will strictly require the third-party delivery company to keep the user's personal information confidential, and only obtain and use it for the purpose of delivery, and shall not disclose it to the outside or use it for other purposes. 2.4.3 Course Management a. You can watch the live broadcast and playback videos of the courses you have purchased, and you can participate in the interactive teaching of the instructor during the live broadcast, such as speaking in the discussion area. Participating in these interactions requires obtaining your microphone and camera permissions, and the discussion area will display the nickname you fill in and the content of the message you posted. b. In order to watch the course videos at any time, you can download the course videos that have been live broadcasted to the client for free, and you can also delete the videos downloaded to the client. This service requires the permission to read, modify or delete the contents of your SD card.c. After the live broadcast of the course you signed up for is over, you can rate the course or leave comments. When you take the initiative to evaluate the course, we will collect the information you post and display your avatar, nickname and published content. d. Fanbi provides you with a free question bank service. You can answer directly on the Fanbi APP. The answering form supports students to select answers, enter text and take photos and upload pictures. This process requires obtaining your camera and photo permissions. e. You can purchase Fanbi's online 1v1 service and boutique study room service. We will transmit the video and audio of your answering to the Fanbi teacher. For this purpose, we will obtain your camera permission, video permission, microphone permission and recording permission. f. Fanbi will hold mock exams from time to time. During the answering process, we need to obtain your photo, camera and recording permissions. In order to facilitate us to remind you to participate in the mock exam or trial field, we need to obtain your calendar permissions. In order to facilitate your horizontal comparison, when you sign up for our mock exam, we need to obtain your application position information (including but not limited to region, position and title). g. When you use Chalk products that involve smart pen scenarios, we need to obtain your precise location permissions to link to the smart pen scenarios (only limited to Android version products/services). h. When you use Chalk products that involve making an IM call with a tutor, we need to obtain your phone number to contact you.i. When you use a third-party app to open a PDF file, go to the app store to rate, or use the customer service system to make a call, we need to obtain your installed app list information (limited to Android version products/services). 2.4.4 Publishing and Interaction a. In order to ensure the quality of the content in the Chalk Community and recommend content that may interest you, Chalk may collect necessary log information. Log information includes: information about your operations and usage: clicks, follows, favorites, searches, browses, and shares; information you actively provide: feedback, publishing, likes (likes), and comments; b. When you post a picture or make a comment, we will collect the information you post and display your nickname, avatar, published content, and information. When you use the picture publishing function, we will ask you to authorize camera and photo permissions. If you refuse authorization, you will not be able to use this function, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of Chalk; c. Information collected by us when users use our products or services, for example, information posted by other users may contain some of your information (such as: information related to you in comments, messages, and published pictures and texts); d. When you follow an account, browse, comment, follow (collect), like (like) or share, we will collect the account you follow and the aforementioned information, and display the content posted by the account you follow.e. When you provide user feedback and add screenshots, Fanbi will ask you to authorize photo permissions. At the same time, in order to better solve your problem, Fanbi will request to obtain your contact information, such as phone, QQ or email number. 2.4.5 Search When you use Fanbi's search service, we will collect your search keyword information and log records. In order to provide efficient search services, some of the above information will be temporarily stored in your local storage device, and the search results and search history can be displayed to you. (III) Providing you with security protection Your network identity information helps you maintain the normal use and safety of the software. We will ask you through a pop-up window whether you can obtain the corresponding permissions. Only after you choose to agree, we will open the corresponding permissions for you and accept your personal information. De-identification of personal information: After collecting your personal information, we will promptly de-identify the data through technical means. We will store the de-identified data separately from the information that can be used to reply to identify the individual, and ensure that the individual is not re-identified in the subsequent personal information processing. Without disclosing your personal information, we have the right to mine, analyze and use (including commercial use) the de-identified user database. If we use your personal information for purposes or scopes other than those stated in this policy, or in a manner inconsistent with the purpose of data collection, we will notify you and obtain your consent.According to relevant laws, regulations and national standards, we may collect and use your personal information in accordance with the law without obtaining your consent in the following circumstances: (1) It is necessary to conclude and perform a contract to which you are a party, or to implement human resources management in accordance with labor rules and regulations formulated in accordance with the law and collective contracts signed in accordance with the law; (2) It is necessary to perform legal obligations; (3) It is necessary to respond to public health emergencies or to protect your life, health and property safety in an emergency; (4) It is necessary to process personal information within a reasonable scope for news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities in the public interest; (5) It is necessary to process your personal information that you have disclosed yourself or that has been legally disclosed within a reasonable scope in accordance with legal provisions; (6) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations. III. How we use cookies and similar technologies (I) Use of cookies To ensure the normal and efficient operation of the website, provide you with a more relaxed access experience, and recommend content that may be of interest to you, we will store small data files called cookies on your device terminal/system. Cookies will help you to call up your information when you visit our website later, simplify the process of filling in your personal information (such as one-click login, etc.); provide you with preferences for safe shopping; help you optimize your selection and interaction with advertisements; protect your data security, etc. We will notCookies are used for any purpose other than those described in this Privacy Policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer or mobile device, and you have the right to accept or reject cookies. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify the browser settings to reject cookies according to your needs; in addition, you can also clear all cookies saved in the software. However, you may not be able to fully experience some of our convenient and secure service features. (II) Use of Web Beacons and Similar Technologies In addition to cookies, our web pages often contain some electronic images (called "single-pixel" GIF files or "web beacons") and other similar technologies, which can help websites count users browsing web pages or access certain cookies. The ways we use web beacons are: 1. We use web beacons on our website to calculate the number of user visits and identify registered users by accessing cookies. 2. We can provide personalized services on our website through the cookie information obtained. IV. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information (I) Sharing We will not share your personal information with any other company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances:1. Sharing with explicit consent: We will share your personal information with other parties after obtaining your explicit consent. 2. We may share your personal information externally in accordance with laws and regulations, or in accordance with the mandatory requirements of government authorities. 3. Sharing with authorized partners: We will carefully evaluate the purpose of third parties using shared information, conduct a comprehensive assessment of the security capabilities of these partners, and require them to comply with the cooperation legal agreement. We will conduct strict security monitoring of the software development kits (SDKs) and application programming interfaces (APIs) used by partners to obtain information to protect data security. For companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements with them and require them to handle personal information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. List of third-party SDKs connected to the Fanbi APP: 1. Alipay Operating entity: Alipay (China) Network Technology Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://opendocs.alipay.com/open/01g6qm#iOS%20%C2%A0SDK Privacy policy: https://opendocs.alipay.com/open/54/01g6qm Purpose of use: When you purchase platform products or services, to facilitate you to complete related payment behaviors Types of personal information collected/authorization obtained: Phone status, authorization information,ssid(ssid), SIM card information (iccid), unique device identification code (bssid), device information (such as IMEI/IMSI, SIM card serial number/MAC address, android_id), network information and geographic location information, (android.permission.INTERNET), (android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE) 2. WeChat Pay Operating entity: Tenpay Payment Technology Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://pay.weixin.qq.com/index.php/public/apply_sign/protocol_v2 Privacy Policy: https://www.wechat.com/zh_CN/privacy_policy.html Purpose of use: When you purchase platform products or services, to facilitate you to complete related payment behaviors Types of personal information collected/permissions obtained: WeChat payment authorization information, Mac address, IMEI, Android_id, IMSI 3. Tencent Video Cloud Operating entity: Tencent Cloud Computing (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/301/11470Privacy Policy: https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/584/38857 Purpose of use: to facilitate users to upload audio and video to obtain teacher's comments and feedback Type of personal information collected/access permissions: device Mac address, unique device identification code (IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM card IMSI information) 4. Alibaba Cloud Number Authentication Operating entity: Alibaba Cloud Computing Co., Ltd. Official website link: http://terms.aliyun.com/legal-agreement/terms/suit_bu1_ali_cloud/suit_bu1_ali_cloud201902141711_54837.html?spm=a2c4g.11174283.J_9220772140.88.51de29d3kq0db4Privacy Policy: http://terms.aliyun.com/legal-agreement/terms/suit_bu1_ali_cloud/suit_bu1_ali_cloud201902141711_54837.html?spm=a2c4g.11186623.0.0.3bff633eTwBi5D Purpose of use: for user quick login Type of personal information collected/access permissions: network type, network address, operator type, local number for one-click access to mobile phone number; use International Mobile Subscriber Identity (IMEI, IMSI) and SIM card number to identify card status; use mobile device type, mobile operating system, phone status, Mac address, (android.permission.INTERNET), (android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_STATE), (android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE), (android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE) 5. Alibaba Cloud Logs Operating entity: Alibaba Cloud Computing Co., Ltd. Official website link:http://terms.aliyun.com/legal-agreement/terms/suit_bu1_ali_cloud/suit_bu1_ali_cloud201902141711_54837.html?spm=a2c4g.11174283.J_9220772140.88.51de29d3kq0db4 Privacy Policy: http://terms.aliyun.com/legal-agreement/terms/suit_bu1_ali_cloud/suit_bu1_ali_cloud201902141711_54837.html?spm=a2c4g.11186623.0.0.3bff633eTwBi5D Purpose of use: record application running status and network requests Type of personal information collected/access permissions: device Mac address, unique device identification code (IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM card IMSI information), (android.permission.INTERNET) 6. Huanxin Customer Service Operating Entity: Beijing Yizhang Yunfeng Technology Co., Ltd.Official website link: http://docs.easemob.com/cs/300visitoraccess/androidsdk Privacy Policy: https://www.easemob.com/protocol Purpose of use: customer service Types of personal information collected/permissions obtained: will retrieve the user's network permissions, obtain network status permissions, obtain wifi status permissions, obtain devices, GPS positioning information, latitude and longitude, read phone status, MAC address (MAC address), unique device identifier (android_id, bssid), ssid (ssid), International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI, IMSI), task list (task list), (android.permission.INTERNET), (android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE), (android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE), (android.permission.WAKE_LOCK) 7. Udesk Operating entity: Beijing Wofeng Times Data Technology Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://www.udesk.cn/Privacy Policy: https://www.udesk.cn/terms_service.html Purpose of use: customer service Type of personal information collected/permission obtained: SDK version number, screen size, operator, device model, mobile operating system version number, App name, App version, App login account, timestamp, time zone and network 8. Weibo sharing Operating entity: Beijing Weimeng Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://open.weibo.com/wiki/Android_SDK%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E%E6%96%87%E6%A1%A3 Privacy Policy: https://weibo.com/signup/v5/privacy Purpose of use: used to share content of your interest to Sina Weibo Type of personal information collected/permission obtained: device identification information, Mac address, Android ID, (android.permission.INTERNET) 9. WeChat sharing Operating entity: Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://developers.weixin.qq.com/doc/oplatform/Mobile_App/Share_and_Favorites/Android.htmlPrivacy Policy: https://support.weixin.qq.com/cgi-bin/mmsupportacctnodeweb-bin/pages/RYiYJkLOrQwu0nb8 Purpose of use: to share content of interest to WeChat Types of personal information collected/permissions obtained: device identification information, (android.permission.INTERNET), installation list 10. Umeng Statistics Operating entity: Umeng Tongxin (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://developer.umeng.com/docs/119267/detail/207348 Privacy Policy: https://www.umeng.com/policy Purpose of use: to provide statistical analysis services Types of personal information collected/permissions obtained: device model, device name, system version, device Mac address, phone status, unique device identification code, device serial number (IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID/bssid, ID/IDFA/OAID/OPENUDID/GUID/, SIM card IMSI information), (android.permission.INTERNET) Note: Umeng Statistics SDK may obtain user permissions in the background11. Sensors Data Analysis Operating entity: Sensors Network Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://manual.sensorsdata.cn/kbs/latest/sdk_track_control-17571934.html Privacy policy: https://www.sensorsdata.cn/terms/privacy.html Purpose of use: for user behavior data statistics Types of personal information collected/permissions obtained: collect your device information (IMEI, MAC address, AndroidID, IDFA), network information, phone status, device type (device model), device manufacturer (device manufacturer), unique device identification code (bssid), (android.permission.INTERNET), (android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE). We use the Sensors SDK to collect your IDFV information for statistical analysis of your use effect in the APP 12. iFlytek Voice Operating entity: iFlytek Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://www.xfyun.cn/doc/asr/voicedictation/Android-SDK.htmlPrivacy Policy: https://www.xfyun.cn/doc/policy/privacy.html Purpose of use: voice input Type of personal information collected/permission to obtain: The user's unique device identification code, microphone, storage, and user audio may be retrieved 13. Mobile one-click login Operating entity: China Mobile Internet Company Official website link: http://dev.10086.cn/ Privacy Policy: https://he.10086.cn/protocol/pc/PersonalInfoProtectionPolicy.html Purpose of use: one-click login Type of personal information collected/permission to obtain: network type, network address, operator type, local number used for one-click acquisition of mobile phone number, use of international mobile subscriber identity number and SIM card number to identify card status, use of mobile device type, mobile operating system, (android.permission.INTERNET) 14. Alibaba Cloud UTDID (Alibaba Cloud SDK) Operating entity: Alipay (China) Network Technology Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://www.alipay.com/ Privacy Policy: https://render.alipay.com/p/c/k2cx0tg8 Purpose of use: Payment Type of personal information collected/authorization obtained: Third-party application integration "AppIn the process of providing the above services through the "Payment" SDK, we will collect common device information (such as IMEI/IMSI, SIM card serial number/MAC address, android_id), network information, unique device identification code (android_id, bssid), International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI, IMSI), security risk control for user login and payment process 15. Tencent Cloud IM Operating entity: Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://cloud.tencent.com/product/im Privacy Policy: https://web.sdk.qcloud.com/document/Tencent-IM-Privacy-Protection-Guidelines.html Purpose of use: Chat service Type of personal information collected/access permissions: Wifi information (Wifi information), ssid (ssid), (android.permission.INTERNET), (android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE), (android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE), network type (for network optimization), device type (for offline push and SDKinternal logic optimization), system version (used for SDK internal logic optimization) 16. Xiaowoke Operating entity: Xiaowo Technology Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of China Unicom) Official website link: http://xiao.wo.com.cn/index.html Purpose of use: one-click login Types of personal information collected: network type, network address, operator type, local number for one-click acquisition of mobile phone number; use of international mobile subscriber identity number and SIM card number to identify card status; use of mobile device type (device model), mobile operating system, (android.permission.INTERNET) 17. Umeng application performance monitoring SDK Operating entity: Beijing Ruixun Lingtong Technology Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://developer.umeng.com/ Privacy policy: https://www.umeng.com/policy Purpose of use: Restore the access path and business site of the crashed user to shorten the troubleshooting time. Types of personal information collected/authorization obtained: Collect device serial number, device identifier (IMEI/Mac/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM card IMSI information) to uniquely identify the device in order to provide device application performance monitoring services; provide anti-cheating services by collecting location information, eliminate cheating devices, and troubleshoot the causes of application performance crashes.18. QQ Interconnect Operator: Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://connect.qq.com/ Privacy policy: https://wiki.connect.qq.com/qq%E4%BA%92%E8%81%94sdk%E9%9A%90%E7%A7%81%E4%BF%9D%E6%8A%A4%E5%A3%B0%E6%98%8E Purpose of use: share pictures to QQ, QZone Types of personal information collected/permissions obtained: (android.permission.INTERNET), (android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE), installation list 19. Huawei Unified Scanning Service (Android version) Operator: Huawei Software Technologies Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/cn/doc/development/HMSCore-Guides/privacy-statement-0000001050041996 Privacy Policy: https://www.huawei.com/en/privacy-policy Purpose of Use: Identify the QR code20. Tencent Bugly and Tencent Tinker (Android version) Operator: Tencent Technology Co., Ltd. Official website link: http://bugly.qq.com/v2/contract Privacy policy: https://static.bugly.qq.com/bugly-sdk-privacy-statement.pdf Purpose of use: To improve service stability and facilitate the rapid and accurate location of existing problems after the relevant services crash, apm Personal information types collected/access permissions: Crash environment (Crash information and thread stack, ROM/RAM/SD card capacity, network/language status App information: package name, version, belonging process name), device information, device manufacturer, device name, operating system version, operator code, App running status, crash, freeze, network information, log information, unique device identification code (android_id, bssid), album (album), task list (task list), installed application list, running process information, (android.permission.INTERNET), (android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE) 21. Huawei Push (Android version) Operator: Huawei Software Technologies Co., Ltd. Official website link:https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/cn/doc/development/HMSCore-Guides/privacy-statement-0000001050042021 Privacy Policy: https://www.huawei.com/cn/privacy-policy Purpose of use: Message push platform, establishing a message push channel from the cloud to the terminal Types of personal information collected/permissions obtained: "AAID (Application Anonymous Identifier), Token, Topic subscription relationship, if you select a data storage location, the data will be stored according to the data storage location you selected; otherwise, the above information will not be stored. Message delivery records, Token application records, display/click/close point reporting records, data storage will only be performed after you enable Huawei's analysis capabilities and select a data storage location, otherwise, data storage will not be performed. Cache message content, and data will be stored according to the region where the client is located (for details, please refer to the distribution of data storage locations). If your application enables the message verification function based on Huawei account when pushing messages, the mobile phone user's identifier HMS Core openId will be collected in this scenario, and the HMS Core openId will be irreversibly encrypted and stored only on the device side." 22. vivo push (Android version)Operating entity: Guangdong Tianchen Network Technology Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://dev.vivo.com.cn/documentCenter/doc/365 Privacy policy: https://www.vivo.com.cn/about-vivo/privacy-policy Purpose of use: Technical services to send notifications to end users Types of personal information collected/access permissions: including but not limited to all target instructions (executable files) and technical documentation, and their updated, troubleshooting and subsequent versions, device identification information, including IMEI/OAID (applicable to Android Q and above systems), IMEI MD5/MEIDMD5, Android ID, VAID, AAID, and your MID, Mac address, (android.permission.INTERNET), (android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE) 23. OPPO Push (Android version) Operating entity: Guangdong Huantai Technology Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://open.oppomobile.com/wiki/doc#id=10741Privacy Policy: https://open.oppomobile.com/wiki/doc#id=10288 Purpose of use: to provide you with push services, to send notifications about software updates or new product releases (including marketing information), to evaluate advertising effectiveness, etc. Types of personal information collected/permissions obtained: to collect information related to your device (such as IMEI number, Serial Number, IMSI, User ID, Android ID, Google Advertising ID, mobile phone Region settings, device model, mobile phone battery level, mobile phone operating system version and language), information about applications using push services (such as APP package name and version number, running status), push SDK version number, network-related information (such as IP or domain name connection results, current network type), message sending results, notification bar status (such as notification bar permissions, user click behavior), lock screen status (such as whether the screen is locked, whether lock screen notifications are allowed) 24. Xiaomi Push (Android version) Operating entity: Xiaomi Technology Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://dev.mi.com/console/doc/detail?pId=41 Privacy Policy: https://dev.mi.com/console/doc/detail?pId=1822Purpose of use: Send notifications about software updates or new product releases (including marketing information), evaluate advertising effectiveness Types of personal information collected/permissions obtained: Phone status, device identification information, including IMEI/OAID (applicable to Android Q and above systems), IMEI MD5/MEIDMD5, Android ID, VAID, AAID, and your MID (applicable to MIUI system), task list (task list), device manufacturer (device manufacturer), device type (device model), unique device identification code (bssid), list of installed applications, (android.permission.INTERNET), (android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE) Note: Xiaomi Push SDK may obtain user permissions in the background 25. Huawei HMS-Core (Android version) Operating entity: Huawei Software Technologies Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://www.huawei.com/ Privacy policy: https://www.huawei.com/cn/privacy-policy Purpose of use: Dependence on Huawei's unified code scanningType of personal information collected/permission obtained: read phone status, (android.permission.INTERNET), (android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE), (android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE) 26. Mobile Smart Device Identification Public Service Platform (Android version) Operating entity: China Academy of Information and Communications Technology Official website link: http://www.msa-alliance.cn/ Privacy policy: http://www.msa-alliance.cn/ Purpose of use: app promotion and tracking Type of personal information collected/permission obtained: oaid 27. NetEase Yidun (Android version) Operating entity: Hangzhou NetEase Zhiqi Technology Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://dun.163.com/ Privacy policy: https://dun.163.com/clause/privacy Purpose of use: security risk control, identification of user risks and device environment risksTypes of personal information collected/access permissions: device information (IMEI, AndroidID, MAC), network information, geographic location information, sampled device interaction information, application list, device information system type, Android version, device model, product code, mobile phone brand, device serial number, ROM number, hostname, device name, hardware, ROM label, IMEI, Android ID, OAID, GAID, mobile operator, SIM card operator, mobile phone format, network format, unlimited IP address, wireless Mac address, wireless network name (SSID), wireless BSSID, proxy configuration, network type, current time, standby time, running time, whether ROOT, application package name, installation time, application signature MD5, screen brightness, charging status, power, screen resolution, font list HASH, CPU model, CPU information, memory size, available memory, storage space size, available storage space, baseband version, kernel version, application version number, device ID, sensor list, auxiliary function list, simulator type, installation of cheating tools 28. Tencent Cloud Visual Cube Player SDK (IOS version) Operating entity: Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://cloud.tencent.com/Privacy Policy: https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/584/38857 Purpose of use: Upload interview answer videos, play videos Type of personal information collected/Access permissions: Device manufacturer, device model, system language type, screen resolution, operating system version number, network type, App package name, IP address 29. Tencent Mobile Live Streaming SDK (IOS version) Operating entity: Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://cloud.tencent.com/ Privacy Policy: https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/584/38857 Purpose of use: None Type of personal information collected/Access permissions: Device manufacturer, device model, system language type, screen resolution, operating system version number, network type, App package name, IP address 30. MJRefresh (IOS version) Operating entity: Open source community Official website link: https://github.com/CoderMJLee/MJRefresh Purpose of use: Pull down to refresh the page, pull up to load more Type of personal information collected: None 31. SDWebImage (IOS version) Operating entity: open source communityOfficial website link: https://github.com/SDWebImage/SDWebImage Purpose of use: image loading Type of personal information collected: none 32. YYWebImage (IOS version) Operation entity: open source community Official website link: https://github.com/ibireme/YYWebImage Purpose of use: image loading Type of personal information collected: none 33. AFNetworking (IOS version) Operation entity: open source community Official website link: https://github.com/AFNetworking/AFNetworking Purpose of use: network framework Type of personal information collected: none 34. MBProgressHUD toast (IOS version) Operation entity: open source community Official website link: https://github.com/jdg/MBProgressHUD Purpose of use: prompt component Type of personal information collected: none 35. Honor Push (Android version) Operation entity: Shenzhen Honor Software Technology Co., Ltd. Official website link: https://developer.honor.com/cn/docs/11002/guides/agreementPrivacy Policy: https://developer.honor.com/cn/docs/11002/guides/sdk-data-security Purpose of use: Message notification Type of personal information collected/access permissions: Device information: Device identifier (AAID, PushToken) 4. Shared information for implementing functions or services a. When you use the functions provided by our affiliates or third parties in Chalk, or when software service providers, smart device providers, and system service providers jointly provide services to you with us, we will share the information necessary for implementing the business with these affiliates and third parties for comprehensive statistics and feature and preference analysis through algorithms to form indirect crowd portraits. b. Mini Programs: When you use Mini Programs, we will not share your personal information with these developers and operators without your consent. When you use Mini Programs, Mini Programs may use the relevant system permissions you have authorized, and you can withdraw your authorization in the Mini Programs. c. Wallet function: The relevant services in the wallet function are provided by us. When you use the wallet-related functions, we collect information within the necessary limits according to the functions or services.d. Payment function: The payment function is provided to you by a third-party payment institution that cooperates with us. The third-party payment institution may need to collect your name, bank card type and card number, expiration date and mobile phone number. Bank card number, expiration date and mobile phone number are sensitive personal information. These information are necessary for the payment function. Refusing to provide them will result in your inability to use this function, but will not affect the normal use of other functions. 5. Shared information for security and analysis statistics a. Ensure safe use: We attach great importance to the security of accounts, services and content. In order to protect the account and property security of you and other users and protect your and our legitimate rights and interests from illegal infringement, we and our affiliates or service providers may share necessary equipment, account and log information. b. Analyze product usage: In order to analyze the use of our services and improve the user experience, we may share statistical data on product usage (crash, flash back) with affiliates or third parties. These data are difficult to identify your personal identity in combination with other information. c. Academic research and scientific research: In order to improve the scientific research capabilities in related fields and promote the level of scientific and technological development, we may share de-identified or anonymized data with research institutes, universities and other institutions on the premise of ensuring data security and legitimate purposes. (II) Transfer We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances: 1. Transfer with explicit consent: We will transfer your personal information to other parties with your explicit consent;2. In the event of a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if personal information is transferred, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy, otherwise we will require the company or organization to re-ask for your authorization and consent. (III) Public Disclosure (1) According to relevant laws, regulations and national standards, we may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances: 1. Obtain your separate consent; 2. Process your personal information that you have disclosed or that has been legally disclosed within a reasonable scope (unless you explicitly refuse). V. How We Store and Protect Your Personal Information (I) Storing Your Personal Information 1. We will store personal information collected in China in China in accordance with the law. If cross-border transportation or storage is required in the future, we will comply with the statutory rules for cross-border provision of personal information, inform you of the purpose, recipient, security measures and security risks of the information out of the country, and obtain your consent. 2. We will only retain your personal information for the shortest period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless the retention period needs to be extended or is permitted by law. During your normal use of the Chalk APP, we will retain your personal information normally. When you actively delete or cancel your account or our products or services cease to operate, we will inform you in our products and delete your personal information or anonymize it within a reasonable period of time. (II) Protecting your personal information1. We have used security measures that meet industry standards to protect the personal information you provide to prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of data. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, when exchanging data (such as credit card information) between your browser and the "Service", it is protected by SSL encryption; we also provide https secure browsing for our website; we will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; we will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked; we will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; and we will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information. 2. The Internet is not an absolutely safe environment, and emails, instant messaging, and communication methods with other our users are not encrypted. We strongly recommend that you do not send personal information through such methods. Please use a complex password to help us ensure the security of your account. 3. The Internet environment is not 100% safe, and we will do our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send to us. If our physical, technical, or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, which causes damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will assume the corresponding legal liability.4. After the unfortunate occurrence of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to prevent and reduce risks on your own, and remedial measures for you, etc. We will promptly inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to issue an announcement. At the same time, we will also proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities. VI. Your rights In accordance with relevant Chinese laws, regulations, standards, and common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you can exercise the following rights over your personal information: (A) Access your personal information You have the right to access your personal information, except for the exceptions provided by laws and regulations. If you want to exercise your right to access your data, you can access it yourself in the following ways:Account Information - If you wish to review or edit the personal information, mailing address information, change your password, add security information or close your account, you can modify it through the settings of the Chalk APP, specifically: review or edit personal information: "Me" - "Personal Information" - "Change Nickname"; mailing address information: "Me" - "Personal Information" - "My Delivery Address"; change password: "Me" - "Personal Information" - "Change Password"; close account - "Me" - "Personal Information" - "Logout of Current Account", or contact us through the methods provided at the end of this article to perform such operations. Order Information - You can query order information, logistics information, and class records on our websites, clients and other services, specifically: Order information: "Me" - "My Order"; Logistics information: "Me" - "Personal Information" - "Logistics Information"; Class records: "Me" - "Watching History", you can contact us through the methods provided at the end of this article to delete such information, and we will provide it after verifying your identity, unless otherwise required by law. Other information - If you encounter operational problems during the visit or need to obtain other personal information that cannot be directly obtained as mentioned above, you can contact us through the method at the end of this article. We will provide it after verifying your identity, unless otherwise provided by law.Your comments or other information may be viewed and downloaded by other visitors. For this reason, we recommend that you think carefully before deciding whether to post any information that may reveal your identity on a page that other participants can view. (II) Correcting your personal information When you find that the personal information we process about you is wrong, you have the right to ask us to make corrections. You can apply for corrections through the methods listed in "(I) Viewing your personal information". If you are unable to correct the personal information through the above link, you can send an email to gwykf@fenbi.com. We will respond to your correction request within 15 days. However, for security and identity reasons, you may not be able to modify certain initial registration information submitted during registration. (III) Deleting your personal information In the following circumstances, you can request us to delete your personal information: 1. If our processing of personal information violates laws and regulations; 2. If we collect and use your personal information without your consent; 3. If our processing of personal information violates the agreement with you; 4. If you no longer use our products or services, or you cancel your account; 5. If we no longer provide you with products or services. If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities that obtained your personal information from us and require them to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations or these entities obtain your independent authorization.When you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but we will delete the information when the backup is updated. (IV) Copying and transferring your personal information If you need to copy the personal information we collect and store, you can contact us through the contact information listed in Article (IX) of this section. If you need to transfer the personal information we collect and store, we will provide you with a transfer path if it meets the conditions stipulated by the national cyberspace administration. (V) Cancel your account You have the right to cancel your Chalk account. You can do this online by visiting "Me" - "Personal Information" - "Completely Cancel Account" on our App page. For the relevant rules and procedures for account cancellation, please refer to the "User Cancellation Agreement" in the attachment. After you successfully cancel, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it as soon as possible in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. (VI) Change the scope of your authorization If you want to change the authorization scope of relevant functions (such as camera, microphone, notification, calendar, etc.), you can modify your personal settings through your hardware device, or operate in the relevant function setting interface of our products and services. You can choose to close all or part of the permissions in "Me" - "Settings" - "Personal Information Protection Settings". If you encounter any operational problems during this process, you can contact us through the methods provided at the end of this policy.After you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the legality of the processing of personal information previously carried out based on your authorization. (VII) Restricting automatic decision-making by information systems In certain business functions, we may make decisions based solely on non-manual automatic decision-making mechanisms such as information systems and algorithms. If these decisions significantly affect your legal rights and interests, you have the right to ask us to explain, and we will also provide appropriate relief. We may provide you with personalized services based on your personal information, including: personalized discount information, personalized course recommendations, personalized notification prompts, and personalized community content. You can choose to turn off all or part of the functions in "Me"-"Settings"-"Personalized Services". After turning off, you may still receive recommendations or notifications, but the relevance of the recommendations or notifications to you will be reduced. (VIII) Responding to your above requests For security reasons, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. We will respond within 15 days. In principle, we do not charge any fees for your reasonable requests. We may deny requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, requiring the development of a new system or fundamentally changing existing practices), pose a risk to the legal rights of others, or would be extremely impractical (for example, involving information stored on backup tapes).In the following circumstances, we will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: 1. Related to national security and national defense security; 2. Related to public security, public health, and major public interests; 3. Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, and trial; 4. There is sufficient evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights; 5. Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations. (IX) Rights of the deceased's next of kin If a Chalk user unfortunately passes away, his or her next of kin can contact us through the Chalk customer service official channel to obtain relevant guidance to exercise the legal and legitimate rights and interests stipulated by law. VII. How we handle children's personal information Our products, websites, and services are mainly for adults. If you are a minor, it is recommended that you ask your parents or guardians to read this privacy policy carefully and use our services or provide us with information with the consent of your parents or guardians. For the collection of children's personal information with parental consent, we will only use or disclose this information publicly when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of parents or guardians, or when necessary to protect children. If we find that we have collected children's personal information without obtaining verifiable parental consent in advance, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible. 8. How to update this privacy policyThis policy is an important part of the User Agreement. We reserve the right to update or modify this policy from time to time. If such changes result in a substantial reduction in your rights under this policy (i.e., "significant changes"), we will send you change notifications through different channels, including but not limited to website announcements, private message notifications, etc. If you do not agree to the revised privacy policy, you have the right and should immediately stop using our services. If you continue to use our services, you are deemed to have accepted the changes we have made to the relevant terms of this policy. The major changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to: 1. Major changes in our service model. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way personal information is used, etc.; 2. Major changes in our ownership structure, organizational structure, etc. Such as changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy and mergers and acquisitions, etc.; 3. Changes in the main objects of sharing, transfer or public disclosure of personal information; 4. Major changes in your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and the way in which they are exercised; 5. Changes in the responsible department, contact information and complaint channels for handling personal information security; 6. When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates a high risk; When the Chalk Platform ceases to operate, we will promptly stop collecting personal information, and may notify you of the cessation of operations in the form of notice delivery or website announcement, and delete or anonymize your personal information. IX. How to Contact UsYou can contact us in the following ways, and we will respond to your request within 15 days: 1. You can contact us through the online contact information/customer service system provided on the Fanbi website/App; 2. You can contact Fanbi's customer service phone number for feedback (4008536100). 3. We have also set up a special personal information protection team. You can contact us at fenbi-legal@fenbi.com, or send a letter to the following address: Fanbi Legal Department (received) on the 6th floor, Building 103, IT Entrepreneurship Park, Electronic City, Jiuxianqiao North Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, Postal Code: 100000. Beijing Fanbi Blue Sky Technology Co., Ltd. February 27, 2023 Appendix 1: "User Cancellation Agreement" Before you cancel your account, please fully read, understand and agree to the following matters: Hereby kindly remind you that your cancellation of the Fanbi account will result in our termination of this service to you, and will also cause many inconveniences to your after-sales rights protection. After you submit your cancellation application, we will complete the verification and processing within 15 working days. After the cancellation is successful, we will delete your personal information, make it unretrievable and inaccessible, or anonymize it. You know and understand that according to relevant laws and regulations, relevant transaction records must be kept in Chalk for 1 year or even longer. 1. If you still insist on canceling your account, your account must meet the following conditions at the same time: (1) The account has no assets in the Chalk system;(2) There are no unfinished orders or orders/services that have been provided but not paid in the account; (3) There are no disputes in the account, including complaints or reports; (4) The account is in normal use and there is no record of any account restrictions. 2. During the cancellation of the Chalk account, if your Chalk account is involved in disputes, including but not limited to complaints, reports, lawsuits, arbitration, investigations by national authorities, etc., Chalk has the right to terminate the cancellation of this Chalk account without your consent. 3. Please be sure to unbind other related accounts before submitting the cancellation application. For details, please contact our customer service. 4. Once a Chalk account is cancelled, it cannot be restored. Please back up all information and data related to the account before operation. If you cancel your Fanbi account, you will no longer be able to use this Fanbi account, and you will not be able to retrieve any content or information in your Fanbi account and related to the account (even if you use the same mobile phone number to register and use Fanbi again), including but not limited to: (1) You will not be able to log in to or use your Fanbi account; (2) The personal information and historical information of your Fanbi account (including but not limited to user name, nickname, avatar, purchase record, etc.) will not be able to be retrieved; (3) All records of Fanbi's websites/APPs that you have logged in through your Fanbi account will not be able to be retrieved. You will no longer be able to log in to or use the aforementioned services, and the coupons, scholarships, etc. that you have obtained will be deemed to have been waived by you and will no longer be able to use them. You understand and agree that Fanbi cannot assist you in restoring the aforementioned services. 5.Cancelling this Chalk account does not mean that the account behavior and related responsibilities before the cancellation of this Chalk account are exempted or reduced.