Scallop User Agreement Special Tips Please be sure to carefully read and fully understand the relevant terms and conditions in the agreement, especially those marked in bold. Once you register with Scallop, it is deemed that you have understood and fully agreed to all the contents of this Agreement, including any modifications made by Scallop to the User Agreement at any time. If you do not agree to this Agreement and/or any modification to it at any time, please immediately stop registering and using all services provided by Scallop. 1. Acceptance of Agreement 1.1 Welcome to Scallop. Scallop.com and its affiliated websites and software (hereinafter referred to as Scallop) are managed by Nanjing Beiwan Information Technology Co., Ltd. Scallop agrees to provide Internet-based related services in accordance with the provisions of the User Agreement (hereinafter referred to as this Agreement) and the operating rules published from time to time. 1.2 This Agreement may be updated by Scallop at any time without further notice. Once this Agreement is changed, Scallop will announce the modified content on the web page and software. Once the modified User Agreement is published on the above platform, it will effectively replace the original User Agreement. In addition, when you use Scallop's special services, you and Scallop should comply with the guidelines and rules related to the service published by Scallop at any time. All the above guidelines and rules constitute part of this User Agreement. 1.3 You shall abide by the terms of this Agreement and use the services provided by Scallop legally and reasonably. Otherwise, Scallop has the right to interrupt or terminate the provision of services to you in accordance with this Agreement. At the same time, Scallop reserves the right to recover your account at any time. Please read this Agreement carefully (especially the bold parts) and check the"Login and registration represent agreement to the User Agreement and Privacy Policy" and completing the login and registration means that you have reached and accepted all the following agreements with Scallop and become a Scallop user (hereinafter referred to as the user). 1.4 If you do not agree to this agreement and/or its modification at any time, please immediately stop using all services provided by Scallop. 2. Service Description 2.1 Scallop provides free and paid services to users by providing algorithms, storage platforms, computing resources, and network bandwidth. Unless otherwise expressly provided in this User Agreement, any new features that add or strengthen the current service, including new products launched, are subject to this User Agreement. 2.2 You understand and agree that this service is only provided based on its current status, and Scallop does not assume any responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, transmission errors, non-storage or any other problems of any user information or personalized settings. 2.3 For all free services, Scallop reserves the right to suspend any part for maintenance, upgrades or other purposes without prior notice. 2.4 Regarding paid services, Scallop reserves the right to modify and upgrade paid products due to product upgrades. 2.5 In particular, before users actually purchase any paid services, Scaly will allow users sufficient time to try out some or all of the functions. Therefore, user payment is deemed to be acceptance of the service quality provided by Scaly (including interface, operation, website speed, network connection, and learning content). Unless Scaly takes the initiative to close the website indefinitely, no part or all of the purchase payment will be refunded.2.6 For paying users, Scallop will provide services in accordance with the agreement, but will not promise to solve problems caused by the user himself, including but not limited to computer hardware and software failures, use of incompatible browsers, network failures where the user is located, user network access stops resolving Scallop domain names or disconnects the connection with the server where Scallop is located, etc. 2.7 Users understand and agree that Scallop's services, products and information are only provided based on their current status, and Scallop explicitly refuses to give any express or implied guarantees or warranties for "services", "information" or "products", including but not limited to guarantees or warranties for commercial use, suitability for a specific purpose or non-infringement of the rights of others. Scallop is not responsible for any direct, indirect, incidental or derivative losses caused by "services", "products" or "information". Scallop is not responsible for the timeliness, deletion, transmission errors, non-storage or any other problems of any user information or personalized settings.2.8 You agree that Scallop has the right to formulate general measures and restrictions on the use of this service, including but not limited to the maximum period for which the service will retain the published content or other published content, and the upper limit of the number of times you use this service within a certain period of time (and/or the upper limit of the duration of each use). You agree that Scallop has no responsibility for the deletion or failure to store any information, communication materials and other content published or transmitted through this service. You also agree that Scallop has the right to change these general measures and restrictions at any time based on its own considerations, with or without notice. 3. Registration Obligations 3.1 In order to use this service, in accordance with the requirements of Chinese law, you agree to the following matters: fill in your correct registration email address, password, name, mobile phone number and other information in accordance with the registration prompts of this service, and ensure the authenticity, validity and legality of the login email address, name, avatar and mobile phone number and other information updated in the future. If you provide any information that is illegal, immoral, or that Scallop deems inappropriate for display on the Scallop website, or if Scallop has reason to suspect that your behavior is a program or malicious operation, Scallop has the right to suspend or terminate your account without prior notice and refuse you to use all or any part of the Service now or in the future. 3.2 Scallop is not responsible for any registration or registration information of you (any user), including but not limited to the responsibility of identifying and verifying the authenticity, correctness, completeness, applicability and/or whether any registration or registration information is the latest information.3.3 In accordance with relevant laws and regulations and considering the importance of Scallop products and services, users must agree to: 1) Submit valid and accurate personal information for real-name authentication when registering an account; 2) Provide timely, detailed and accurate account registration information; 3) Users shall not open this service for themselves or others by any improper means or in violation of the principle of honesty and trustworthiness; 4) Each user shall be fully responsible for all actions and events in his or her account and shall not sell or lend the account. If the user fails to keep his or her account and password and causes damage to himself or herself, Scallop or a third party, the user shall bear full responsibility; 5) If the account registration information provided by the user is inaccurate, untrue, contains illegal or bad information, Scallop has the right not to register and reserves the right to terminate the user's use of Scallop's services. 6) During the use of the account, the user promises to abide by laws and regulations, follow public order and good customs, and shall not harm national interests, public interests and the legitimate rights and interests of others. 4. User Account, Password and Security 4.1 After completing the registration process for this service and successfully registering, you can use your registered email address/mobile phone number and password to log in to your account on Scallop.com (hereinafter referred to as "Account"). When the registration is completed, you will obtain the right to use the account. It is your responsibility to protect the security of your account. 4.2 You shall be fully responsible for all actions taken using your account. You agree that: 1) You will immediately notify Scallop if your Scallop account is used without authorization or any other security issues occur;2) If you fail to keep your account and password safe, Scaly will not be held responsible for any loss or damage arising therefrom; 3) You are fully responsible for any damage caused to you, Scaly or a third party by all actions using your account, including situations where you fail to keep your account or password safe. 4.3 Since the user's personal information can be obtained through the account, and the ownership of the account belongs to Scaly, unless expressly provided by law, the user may not transfer, sell or lend the account to others for use without the consent of Scaly. 4.4 If you choose to bind your Scaly account to a third-party account, in addition to unbinding the relationship yourself, if any of the following situations occurs, your bound third-party account may also be unbound and Scaly does not need to bear any responsibility to you or any third party: 1) You violate laws, regulations, national policies or this Agreement; 2) You violate the third-party account user agreement or its relevant provisions; 3) Other situations that require unbinding. 5. Provider Responsibilities 5.1 In accordance with relevant laws and regulations, Scallop hereby solemnly reminds you that any text, music, pictures, graphics, videos or other materials (hereinafter referred to as “Content”) published or uploaded through this service shall not be deemed to be”), the content provider shall be responsible for any content transmitted, whether publicly or privately. Scallop only provides users with information storage space services and cannot control the content transmitted through this service. Therefore, it does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness or validity of the content. Users should ensure that they are the copyright owner or have obtained legal authorization, and that the content will not infringe the legal rights of any third party. Users agree to grant Scallop a free, irrevocable, permanent, sublicensable or transferable exclusive license to use all the above content worldwide. Under this license, Scallop will have the right to display, promote and use the aforementioned content in other ways that are not prohibited by our laws. 5.2 You have foreseen that when using this service, you may be exposed to unpleasant, inappropriate or disgusting content. In any case, Scallop is not responsible for any content, but Scallop has the right to stop transmitting any of the aforementioned content and take corresponding actions in accordance with the law, including but not limited to suspending the user's use of all or part of the service, preserving relevant records, and reporting to the relevant authorities. 5.3 You expressly understand and agree that Scallop shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including but not limited to economic, reputational, data loss or other intangible losses, resulting from the following reasons: 1) The use or inability to use the Service; 2) The cost of replacing any goods, data, information, services purchased or obtained from or through the Service, messages received, or transactions concluded with third parties; 3) Unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data;4) Any statement or behavior made by any third party in this service; 5) Any third party publishes or delivers fraudulent information in any way, or induces users to suffer economic losses; 6) Other matters related to this service, except as expressly provided in this User Agreement. 6. Scallop Privacy Policy 6.1 Scallop highly respects and protects the privacy of every user. The registration information you provide and other information about you retained by Scallop will be protected by the "Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China", "Information Security Technology Personal Information Security Specification" (GB/T35273-2017) and other relevant laws, regulations and technical specifications and the company's "Privacy Policy" and "Children's Privacy Policy". 6.2 In general, you can browse and modify your information on Scallop at any time, but for security and identity considerations, you may not be able to modify the initial registration information and other verification information provided during registration. 7. Service Changes, Interruptions or Terminations 7.1 Scallop reserves the right to change, interrupt or terminate the service at any time without notifying users. 7.2 In view of the particularity of network services (including but not limited to server stability issues, malicious network attacks or situations beyond the control of Scallop), you agree that Scallop has the right to interrupt or terminate part or all of the services at any time. 7.3You understand that Scallop needs to suspend part or all of the services for maintenance, upgrade or other purposes on the platform or related equipment providing the services regularly or irregularly. If the services are interrupted within a reasonable time due to such circumstances, Scallop does not need to bear any responsibility for this. 7.4 If any of the following circumstances occurs, Scallop has the right to interrupt or terminate the services provided to you under this Agreement at any time without being liable to you or any third party: 1) The personal information you provide is untrue; 2) You violate the law, policy or this User Agreement. 7.5 You agree that Scallop may terminate your account or use of this Service (or any part of the Service) based on its own consideration for any reason, including but not limited to lack of use, or Scallop believes that you have violated this User Agreement, and remove and delete any of your content in this Service. You agree that the services provided in accordance with any provisions of this User Agreement may be interrupted or terminated without prior notice. You acknowledge and agree that Scallop may immediately close or cancel your account and delete all relevant information and files in your account, and/or prohibit the continued use of the aforementioned files or this Service. In addition, you agree that if the use of this service is interrupted or terminated or your account and related information and files are closed or cancelled, Scallop will not bear any responsibility to you or any third party. 8. Guarantee and Warranty You clearly understand and agree that: 1) Any provision of this User Agreement will not exempt Scallop from any liability for personal injury or property loss caused to you by fault; 2) Scallop does not guarantee the following matters:The Service will meet your requirements; · The Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, reliable or error-free; · The results obtained from using the Service are correct and reliable; · Any products, services, information or other information you purchase or obtain through the Service will meet your expectations; 3) Whether to use the Service to download or obtain any information should be considered by you at your own risk. Any damage to your computer system or loss of data caused by the download of any information will be borne by you; 4) Any advice or information you obtain from Scallop or through the Service, whether in written or oral form, will not constitute any warranty beyond this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. 9. User Behavior 9.1 You shall abide by the relevant laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China and agree to bear full responsibility for any behavior and its consequences of using the Service in any way using your login account. If your behavior violates national laws, you will bear all legal responsibilities in accordance with the law; if it is suspected of constituting a crime, the judicial authorities will pursue your criminal responsibility, and Scallop Network will strictly cooperate in accordance with the obligations stipulated by the law and the requirements of the judicial authorities. At the same time, if Scallop has reason to believe that any of your actions, including but not limited to any of your speeches or other actions, violate or may violate any provisions of national laws and regulations, Scallop may terminate the provision of services to you at any time without any prior notice. 9.2 You agree not to use the Service for any illegal or improper activities, including but not limited to the following:1) When using the Scallop Service, you must comply with the provisions of the relevant laws, regulations and rules of the People's Republic of China, such as the "Network Security Law", "Administrative Measures for the Security Protection of International Networking of Computer Information Networks", "Administrative Measures for Internet Information Services", "Administrative Provisions on Internet Electronic Bulletin Services", "Decision on Maintaining Internet Security", and "Administrative Provisions on Internet News Information Services", and guarantee that you will not use the Service to conduct any illegal or improper activities, including publishing or otherwise transmitting information containing any of the following content: ① Discrimination and hate speech against race, country, ethnicity, religion, gender, age, geography, sexual orientation, and physiological characteristics; ② Use of indecent words, insults, harassment of others, or other unfriendly behavior, including but not limited to: · Insulting or abusing others · Fabricating, spreading false information, and defaming others · Using threatening words to coerce others to obey or follow ③ Provocative behavior or overly radical subjective judgment, including but not limited to: · Malicious comparison of different things, provoking and inciting opposing emotions, and guiding groups with different positions and ideas to attack each other ④ Invasion of others' privacy; ⑤ Radical current affairs and ideological content; ⑥ Reprinting content that others have the right to but have not obtained legal authorization; ⑦ Abusing product functions and destroying the product ecology and atmosphere, including but not limited to: · Posting content that is irrelevant to the topic · Maliciously attacking the normal management behavior of other users or administrators ·Malicious operations that undermine the inherent fairness of the website, such as: controlling comments, swiping the screen, inducing likes, replies, complaints, etc. Malicious registration or use of Scallop accounts, such as: buying, selling, transferring shared Scallop accounts, etc. Spreading advertisements or spam, such as: publishing content or behaviors that affect user experience and disrupt the atmosphere of the Scallop community for the purpose of marketing promotion or diversion ⑧ Behaviors and content that violate the laws and regulations of China or the place where the Scallop users are located, including but not limited to: · Opposing the basic principles established by the Constitution · Endangering national security, leaking state secrets, subverting the state power, and undermining national unity · Damaging national honor and interests · Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining ethnic unity · Undermining national religious policies, promoting cults and feudal superstitions · Spreading rumors, disrupting social order, and undermining social stability · Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror, or abetting crimes · Insulting or slandering others and infringing on the legitimate rights of others · Contains false, fraudulent, harmful, coercive, intrusive, harassing, harmful, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, or other morally objectionable content; Contains other content restricted or prohibited by laws, administrative regulations, and any other legally binding regulations; ⑨ Publishes content related to religious doctrines, religious knowledge, religious culture, religious activities, missionary activities, holding religious activities, establishing religious organizations, setting up religious venues, etc.;⑩Behaviors that threaten the personal and property safety of others or Scallop users, including but not limited to: · Endangering the legitimate rights and interests of others in any way · Impersonating any other person or organization, or making false statements or false claims about being related to any person or organization · Tracking, human flesh search or other harassment of others · Maliciously displaying other people’s accounts or speeches due to different positions and concepts, instigating and guiding the group to attack them · Intercepting, tampering with, collecting, storing or deleting your or others’ personal information, in-site emails or other data without legal authorization, or using such information for any illegal or improper purpose ⑪Content that poses a potential threat to the operational security of the website, including but not limited to: · Publishing or disseminating content that infringes on the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other exclusive rights of others · Publishing or disseminating any “advertising letters”, “promotional materials”, “junk mail”, “spam”, “chain letters”, “direct sales” or any other form of persuasive materials ⑫Containing content that Scallop deems inappropriate for display on Scallop, including but not limited to: · Content that is not related to learning · Content that spreads negative energy · Indecent words and deeds, naked photos · Posting meaningless spam · Excerpting, copying, and discussing content related to finance, politics, national policies, current affairs, etc. · Content that harasses other users · Contact information, websites, QR codes, email addresses, etc. · Content that compares consumption, pulls down, and tears down each other, etc.· Content that violates public order and good morals · Content that is violent, bloody, scary, vulgar, etc. 2) Post, send emails or otherwise transmit any content that is known but not authorized to be transmitted under any law, contract or legal relationship (such as internal information, proprietary and confidential information known or disclosed due to employment relationships and confidentiality agreements); 3) Post or otherwise transmit content that infringes on the copyright, patent right, trademark right, trade secret, or other exclusive rights (hereinafter referred to as "exclusive rights") of others; 4) Post, send or otherwise transmit any computer virus (including but not limited to Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots (hereinafter referred to as "viruses") or other computer codes, files and programs designed to interfere with, destroy or limit the functions of any computer software, hardware or communication equipment; 5) Interfere with or destroy the Service or the servers and networks connected to the Service, or violate any regulations, procedures, policies or specifications regarding the network connected to the Service; 9.3You have acknowledged that Scaly does not have full control over the user's usage behavior. When you use any content, including relying on the correctness, completeness or validity of the aforementioned content, you agree to make your own judgment and bear all risks, without relying on Scaly. However, Scaly has the right to refuse and delete any content provided through this service that violates these terms or other content that Scaly is objectionable to Scaly, based on its own considerations. 9.4 Scaly has the right to delete content that is prohibited from being published in violation of the above principles, and will impose appropriate penalties on the account based on the behavior, which may include 7-day, 30-day and other mute penalties, up to permanent mute, or permanent ban; for account usage in different scenarios, the severity of the violation will be given corresponding penalties. Severe abuse of product functions, damage to product ecology and community atmosphere, etc. will be punished severely. 9.5 In special circumstances or at the request of relevant government agencies, Scaly reserves the right to directly deactivate or cancel the account. 9.6 You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Scallop and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, brand co-owners or other partners and employees from any claims or requests made by any third party due to or arising from the content you provide, publish or transmit through the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of this User Agreement, or your infringement of any rights of others, including but not limited to reasonable attorney fees and litigation costs, and assume all legal liabilities arising therefrom. 9.7You agree not to reproduce, copy, sell, resell or use for any other commercial purpose any part of the Service or the use or acquisition of the Service. 10. Intellectual Property 10.1 The intellectual property rights of the content provided by Scallop in this service (including but not limited to web pages, interface design, layout framework, text, audio, video, pictures or other materials, etc.) belong to Scallop or the relevant right holders. Unless otherwise agreed, the copyright, patent right and other intellectual property rights of the software and system on which Scallop relies when providing this service belong to Scallop. Scallop.com, Scallop and other Scallop logos and product and service names are all trademarks of Scallop. Without the prior written consent of Scallop, you may not delete, cover up or change Scallop's copyright statement, trademark or other rights statement without authorization, display or use or otherwise process Scallop's trademark in any way, or indicate that you have the right to display, use or otherwise process Scallop's trademark. 10.2The content you upload or post on Scallop.com should be guaranteed to be owned by the copyright owner or have obtained legal authorization, and the content will not infringe the legal rights and interests of any third party. By clicking to agree to this agreement, you agree to grant Scallop a non-exclusive license to use all the above content. According to this license, Scallop will have the right to use the aforementioned content in ways that are not prohibited by Chinese law, such as display and promotion. At the same time, you agree to authorize Scallop to protect your rights in case of any infringement of your rights by any entity, depending on the specific circumstances, including but not limited to sending rights protection letters, filing lawsuits, applying for arbitration, etc., and its effectiveness applies to any content protected by copyright law posted by users on Scallop.com. You can also authorize other third parties to protect your rights and you can terminate the authorization to Scallop at any time. 10.3 You have the right to authorize others to use the content you posted on Scallop.com. Scallop welcomes you to give priority to Scallop for cooperation on relevant content. 10.4You understand and agree that this service and the related software used in this service contain proprietary confidential information protected by relevant intellectual property rights and other laws. You also understand and agree that the content contained in the sponsored advertisements or information presented to you through this service or advertisers is also protected by copyright, trademark rights, patent rights or other exclusive rights. Without the express authorization of Scallop or advertisers, you may not modify, rent, loan, sell, distribute any part or all of this service or software, or create derivative works based on it, or use the software modified without authorization. Scallop only grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right to use the software on a single computer, but you may not (and may not allow any third party) copy, modify, adapt, translate, create derivative works, perform restoration engineering, reverse assemble, disseminate or otherwise discover the source code, or sell, transfer, reauthorize or provide software setting guarantees, or otherwise transfer any rights to the software. You agree to use this service through the interface provided by Scallop and not by any other means. 10.5 If you violate the World Copyright Convention, the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China, the Trademark Law, the Patent Law, the Anti-Unfair Competition Law and other laws and regulations related to intellectual property rights or the provisions of this Agreement, you shall bear the damage caused to others (including Scallop) and bear the corresponding legal liability. 11. User Exclusive Rights 11.1Scallop respects the legitimate rights and interests of others (including intellectual property rights, reputation rights, goodwill rights, etc.), and calls on you to respect the legitimate rights and interests of others as well. 11.2 If you violate the prohibitive provisions of laws and regulations, infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of others or the public interest, Scallop will delete specific content or even terminate your use of the account in accordance with the provisions of national laws and regulations, or in appropriate circumstances, in accordance with this Agreement or its relevant provisions. 11.3 If you infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others, Scallop will delete specific content or even terminate your use of the account in accordance with the provisions of national laws and regulations, or in appropriate circumstances, in accordance with its service agreement or its relevant normative provisions. If you believe that the copyright of your work has been infringed or your intellectual property rights have been infringed, in accordance with the provisions of the Regulations on the Protection of Information Network Communication Rights, you must contact Scallop in a timely manner and provide detailed evidence. Or please go to the National Copyright Administration of the People's Republic of China to download the sample format of the "Notice of Requesting Deletion or Disconnection of Links to Infringing Network Content" (hereinafter referred to as the "Deletion Notice"). If you do not understand the content of the "Deletion Notice", please log in to the National Copyright Administration of the People's Republic of China to view the instructions for filling out the "Notice of Requesting Deletion or Disconnection of Links to Infringing Network Content". 12. Transactions with advertisers and other third parties 12.1 You may conduct any form of communication or business dealings with advertisers and other third parties through this website, or participate in promotional activities, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any otherThe relevant agreements, conditions, warranties or statements are entirely between you and advertisers and other third parties. Scallop shall not bear any legal responsibility for any loss or damage of any nature suffered by you as a result of any of the aforementioned transactions or the aforementioned advertisers and other third parties. 13. Special warning for international use 13.1 You have understood the borderless nature of the international Internet and agree to comply with all local laws and regulations regarding online behavior and content. You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the transmission of information exported from China or your country or region. 14. Terms of use for minors 14.1 If you are a minor user, please read this User Agreement carefully in the presence of your legal guardian. You and your legal guardian shall bear responsibilities in accordance with the law and the provisions of this Agreement. 15. Indemnification 15.1 You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Scallop and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, brand co-owners or other partners and employees from any claim or request made by any third party, including reasonable attorney fees, arising from or resulting from the content you provide, publish or transmit through the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of this User Agreement, or your infringement of any rights of others, and assume all legal liabilities arising therefrom. 16. Limitation of Liability 16.1 You expressly understand and agree that Scallop shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including but not limited to loss of profits, reputation, application, data or other intangible losses, resulting from the following reasons:1) The use or inability to use the Service; 2) The costs incurred to replace any goods, data, information, services, messages received, or transactions entered into purchased or obtained from or through the Service; 3) Unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; 4) Statements or actions made by any third party in the Service; 5) Other matters related to the Service, except as expressly provided in this User Agreement; 6) Scallop assumes no responsibility for any third party publishing or delivering fraudulent information in any way, or inducing users to suffer economic losses. 17. Scallop Trademark Information Scallop.com, Scallop, and other Scallop registered trademarks, logos, and product and service names are all trademarks of Scallop Company (hereinafter referred to as the "Scallop Mark"). Without Scallop's prior written consent, you agree not to display or use the Scallop Mark in any way or otherwise process it, or represent that you have the right to display, use, or otherwise process the Scallop Mark. 18. General Agreement 18.1 This User Agreement, Community Guidelines and Disclaimer constitute the entire agreement between you and Scallop and regulate your use of the Service. This Agreement and the guidelines and rules related to Scallop Services (including Scallop individual service guidelines, such as: "Scallop Group Management Regulations" and "Scallop Deskmate Management Regulations") jointly regulate your use of the Service. When you use related services, content or software provided by third parties, you shall also comply with the applicable additional terms and conditions;18.2 This User Agreement and the relationship between you and Scallop shall be subject to and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the People's Republic of China. Any dispute between you and Scallop regarding this service, this User Agreement or other related matters shall first be resolved through friendly negotiation. If the negotiation fails, the dispute shall be submitted to the Nanjing Arbitration Commission for arbitration. The arbitration award shall be final and binding on both parties. 18.3 Scallop's failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this User Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of the aforementioned rights or rights. 18.4 If any provision of this User Agreement is invalid due to conflict with the laws of the People's Republic of China, you still agree to make efforts to make the intention of the parties reflected in the provision effective in accordance with the law, and the other provisions of this User Agreement shall still have full force and effect. 18.5 The title of this User Agreement is for convenience only and has no legal or contractual effect. 19. Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about this Agreement during the use of Scallop's products or services, you can contact us in the following ways, and we will sincerely handle your complaints and suggestions within fifteen working days. You can contact us in "My-Help and Customer Service" in any Shanbay APP. Email for comments and feedback: help@shanbay.com (please provide a screenshot of the problem and the Shanbay ID for email feedback) Email for complaints and reports of personal information leakage: support@shanbay.com Email for reports of harmful information involving minors: jubao@shanbay.com Contact number:025-84404917 (9:00-12:00 13:00-18:00 on weekdays) Address: Building 29, 3rd-4th Floor, Jiangsu Software Park, No. 699-22 Xuanwu Avenue, Xuanwu District, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province