Jialichuang PCB&SMT&Laser Steel Mesh User Agreement This version was published/updated on: [2022] [10] [27] This version is effective on: [2022] [10] [27] You can click [Historical Version] to view previous versions of this User Agreement. The Jialichuang PCB&SMT&Laser Steel Mesh User Service Agreement is an agreement between Shenzhen Jialichuang Technology Development Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we", "Jialichuang") and the user (hereinafter referred to as "you") regarding all products and/or services provided to you by Jialichuang based on the Internet platform it operates (hereinafter referred to as "this Agreement"). Before using our products and/or services, please be sure to carefully read and fully understand the terms of this Agreement. If you are a minor, please read this Agreement in the company of your legal guardian, especially the important terms that are highlighted in bold and/or underlined, please be sure to read them carefully. If you do not agree to this Agreement, you have full and complete rights to withdraw from using our products and/or services. When you fill in the information, read and agree to this Agreement and complete the registration process according to the prompts on the registration page, it means that you have fully read, understood and accepted the entire content of this Agreement, and have reached an agreement with Jiali Chuang to become a "user" of this platform. During the reading of this Agreement, if you do not agree to this Agreement or any of its terms, you should stop the registration process immediately.If you have any questions, complaints, opinions and suggestions about this Agreement, you are welcome to communicate with us through the contact information attached to this Agreement. We are very happy to answer your questions. I. Subject and Scope of the Agreement 1.1 This Agreement is an agreement between you and Jialichuang regarding the use of the Jialichuang platform (referring to the website operated by Jialichuang as an Internet platform operator and technical service provider, including but not limited to the official website of the Jialichuang portal (https://www.jlc.com/) and other websites operated by Jialichuang and new service forms that may appear in the existing or future technological developments, hereinafter referred to as "this platform") and services and other related matters. 1.2 "Jialichuang PCB&SMT&Laser Steel Mesh Privacy Policy" and any announcements, public notices and other regulatory contents issued by Jialichuang are deemed to be supplementary agreements to this Agreement and are inseparable from this Agreement. If you register and use the Jialichuang platform services, it is deemed that you agree to the above supplementary agreement. If there is any inconsistency between the above contents, the latest published content shall prevail. 1.3 You acknowledge that when you select your product requirement parameters through the platform order assistant and submit them to us, you entrust us to produce the products you need according to your requirements, and the two parties constitute a commission relationship. We will screen qualified suppliers as partners to jointly complete your products. After you place an order, we will start production according to your needs. We do not support modifying requirements after placing an order, so please place your order with caution.After the delivery of the product, we will not be responsible for any subsequent product problems that are not caused by us. At the same time, you may not sell the product in our name, or use our trademarks in the process of using or handling the product. II. Service Notice 2.1 Jiali Chuang provides you with network services through the Internet. To use this platform, you must: (1) equip yourself with the necessary equipment for Internet access, including personal mobile phones, tablets, modems, routers, etc.; (2) bear the telephone charges, network charges, etc. related to this service paid by your personal Internet access; (3) select the software version that matches the installed terminal device (if any). 2.2 Based on the importance of the network services provided by this website, you confirm and agree that: (1) the registration information provided is true, accurate, complete, legal and valid, and the registration information should be updated in a timely manner if there is any change; (2) If the registration information you provide is illegal, untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, you must bear the corresponding responsibilities and consequences caused by it, and we reserve the right to terminate your use of the services of this platform. 2.3 You understand and agree that in order to improve user experience and improve service content, we will continue to work hard to develop new functions and services. 3. Account Registration 3.1You acknowledge and promise that you have full civil rights and capacity for conduct; or although you do not have full civil rights and capacity for conduct, you have obtained the consent of your parents and other legal guardians, and your parents and other legal guardians are acting as agents to register and use the services of this platform. If you register an account without the aforementioned appropriate civil capacity, you and your parents and other legal guardians shall bear all consequences resulting therefrom in accordance with the law. You confirm that if you are under the age of 18, you can only use this platform with the supervision of your parents or other guardians. 3.2 You have the right to use the registration information you set or confirm. When registering an account, you promise to abide by the bottom line and principles such as laws and regulations, the socialist system, national interests, the legitimate rights and interests of citizens, public order, social morality and the authenticity of information. You shall not include any illegal or negative information in your registration materials. You also guarantee that when registering and using your account, you shall not engage in the following circumstances: (1) Violate the Constitution or laws and regulations; (2) Endanger national security, disclose state secrets, subvert the state power, or undermine national unity; (3) Damage the honor and interests of the state, or damage the public interest; (4) Distort, vilify, blaspheme, or deny the deeds and spirit of heroes and martyrs, or insult, slander or otherwise infringe upon the names, portraits, reputations, and honors of heroes and martyrs; (5) Promote terrorism or extremism or incite terrorist or extremist activities; (6)Incite ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermine ethnic unity; (7) Undermine national religious policies, promote cults and feudal superstitions; (8) Spread rumors, disrupt social order, and undermine social stability; (9) Spread obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror, or abet crimes; (10) Insult or slander others, infringe on the legitimate rights and interests of others; (11) Contain other content prohibited by laws and administrative regulations. 3.3 Your Jialichuang platform account shall not be transferred or sold to other parties, and this platform reserves the right to suspend or terminate your account at its will. In addition, you must ensure that you are not subject to trade restrictions, sanctions or other legal and regulatory restrictions imposed by any country, international organization or region, otherwise you should stop using the services of this platform. At the same time, you understand that violating the above requirements may not allow you to register and use the services of this platform normally. 3.4 To ensure the normal conduct of transactions, users must provide true and valid personal information to this platform. If the personal information you provide is illegal, untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, you must bear the corresponding responsibilities and consequences caused by it, and we reserve the right to terminate your use of the services of this platform. 3.5 Each user can only register and use one account on this platform. If there is evidence or Jiali Chuang determines through technical means that you have improperly registered or improperly used multiple accounts on this platform,This platform may take measures such as freezing or closing accounts, canceling orders, and refusing to provide services. If losses are caused to this platform and related parties, you shall also bear the liability for compensation. In addition, for relevant business needs, we may also merge multiple accounts or related information of the same user. If such merger will have a substantial impact on your rights and interests, we will obtain your consent in advance before the above merger. IV. Use of Accounts and Services 4.1 Since your account is associated with your personal information and the commercial information of this platform, your account on this platform is limited to your personal use/our company's personnel. If this platform determines that the use of your account may endanger the security of your account and/or the information security of this platform, this platform may refuse to provide the corresponding services or terminate this agreement. 4.2 Since user accounts are associated with user credit information, you can transfer your account only if there are express legal provisions, judicial rulings, or with the consent of this platform, and in accordance with the user account transfer process stipulated by this platform. Once your account is transferred, the rights and obligations under the account will be transferred together. In addition, your account shall not be transferred in any way, otherwise we have the right to pursue your liability for breach of contract, and all liabilities arising therefrom shall be borne by you. 4.3 You should update the information you provide in a timely manner. If the law clearly stipulates that this platform, as a platform service provider, must verify the information of some users, this platform will check and verify your information from time to time in accordance with the law, and you should cooperate in providing the latest, true, complete and valid information.If the Platform fails to contact you according to the information you provided last time, you fail to provide information in a timely manner as required by the Platform, the information you provided is obviously untrue, or the administrative and judicial authorities verify that the information you provided is invalid, you will bear all losses and adverse consequences caused to yourself, others and the Platform. The Platform may send you an inquiry notice and require you to re-authenticate until it suspends or terminates the provision of some or all of the Platform services to you. The Platform shall not be liable for this to the maximum extent permitted by law. 4.5 Your account is set up by you and kept by you. The Platform will not actively ask you to provide your account password at any time. Therefore, it is recommended that you keep your account safe and ensure that you log out and leave the Platform in the correct steps at the end of each online session. 4.6 The Platform shall not be liable for the losses and consequences caused by your active disclosure of the account or by attacks, frauds, etc. by others to the maximum extent permitted by law. You should seek compensation from the infringer through judicial, administrative and other relief channels. 4.7 Unless there is any fault on the Platform, you shall be responsible for all the results of your actions under your account (including but not limited to signing various agreements online, publishing information, purchasing goods and services, and disclosing information, etc.). 4.8 If you find any unauthorized use of your account to log in to the Platform or other situations that may cause your account to be stolen or lost, it is recommended that you notify the Platform immediately.You understand that it will take a reasonable amount of time for the Platform to take action on any of your requests, and that the actions taken by the Platform at your request may not be able to avoid or prevent the formation or expansion of the consequences of infringement. Unless the Platform has statutory fault, the Platform shall not be liable to the maximum extent permitted by law. 4.9 When you purchase goods and/or services on this Platform, please carefully confirm the name, price, quantity, model, specification, size of the purchased goods or the time, content, restrictive requirements and other important matters of the service, and verify your contact address, telephone number, consignee and other information when placing an order. If the consignee you fill in is not yourself, the consignee's behavior and intention shall be deemed as your behavior and intention, and you shall bear joint and several liability for the legal consequences of the consignee's behavior and intention. 4.10 Your purchasing behavior should be based on real purchasing needs, and you shall not engage in malicious purchases of goods and/or services, malicious rights protection and other behaviors that disrupt the normal trading order of this Platform. Based on the need to maintain the trading order and transaction security of this Platform, this Platform may take the initiative to close the relevant transaction orders when it finds the above circumstances. 4.11 For those who obtain coupons, points, cash, and gifts through improper means (including but not limited to other means such as the same user registering multiple accounts), this platform has the right to make independent judgments and take measures such as freezing member accounts, clearing points, invalidating coupons, canceling gifts, and canceling related orders. If losses are caused to this platform, the corresponding compensation liability shall be borne. 4.12If any of the following circumstances occur to you, the Platform has the right to restrict all or part of your membership rights, including but not limited to canceling related unfulfilled orders and deregistering your membership account: (1) Affecting the normal operation of the website or affecting the website's service to other members through network attacks, large-scale advertising, etc.; (2) Seeking profits through improper means (such as plug-in tools, network attacks, etc.); (3) Taking advantage of the merchant's fault or mistakes to make malicious claims or complaints twice or more, or insulting or personally attacking the merchant or customer service staff without reason; (4) Refusing to accept goods or services multiple times in a short period of time not due to the quality of goods or services; (5) Engaging in resale business (such as wholesale, retail) through shopping with a membership account; (6) The user information you provide (including but not limited to name, telephone number, ID number, email address, etc.) is untrue, inaccurate or incomplete; (7) You have other acts that affect the normal operation of the website or are illegal. 4.13 You shall be fully responsible for the content you publish, upload or transmit. All users shall not publish, reprint or transmit any information containing any of the following content on any page of this platform, otherwise this platform has the right to deal with it at its own discretion without notifying the user: (1) Violation of the basic principles established by the Constitution; (2) Endangering national security, leaking state secrets, subverting the state power, and undermining national unity; (3) Damaging the honor and interests of the country; (4) Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining national unity;(5) Undermine the state's religious policies, propagate cults and feudal superstitions; (6) Spread rumors, disrupt social order and undermine social stability; (7) Spread obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, terror or incite crime; (8) Insult or slander others, infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of others; (9) Incite illegal assembly, association, procession, demonstration or gathering to disrupt social order; (10) Conduct activities in the name of illegal non-governmental organizations; (11) Contain other content prohibited by laws and administrative regulations. 4.14 When using the network services we provide, you should also do the following: (1) Comply with all network protocols, regulations and procedures related to network services; (2) Do not use the network service system for any illegal purpose; (3) Do not infringe on the patent rights, copyrights, trademark rights, reputation rights or any other legal rights of any other third party; (4) You may not invade the database of this platform by any technical means to conduct functions such as browsing, direct downloading or forwarding. Once discovered, we have the right to suspend all functions of your account and pursue corresponding legal responsibilities; (5) You are obliged to ensure the authenticity of the information you publish on this platform, and you shall not exaggerate or fabricate false information. Once discovered, we have the right to suspend all functions of the corresponding account and all functions related to the account; (6)You shall not use any information provided or published for purposes that damage the interests of this platform. Once discovered, this platform has the right to block your account and stop providing network services without obtaining your consent or notifying you in advance. If your above-mentioned behavior causes losses to this platform, this platform has the right to require you to compensate for all losses suffered by this platform. 4.15 If you violate the above rules and cause this platform to be claimed by a third party, you shall fully compensate this platform for all expenses (including but not limited to various compensation fees, litigation agency fees and other reasonable expenses incurred for this purpose). 4.16 If you violate the rules set out in this agreement, we have the right to require you to correct or directly take all necessary measures (including but not limited to deleting the content you have published, suspending or terminating your right to use network services) to reduce or avoid the damage or adverse effects caused by your improper behavior. 4.17 You promise that in the process of using network services, you will abide by the product and service usage rules published by this platform from time to time. If you violate the above commitment, this platform has the right to make corresponding treatment or terminate the provision of services to you in accordance with the provisions of this agreement and relevant rules, without obtaining your consent or notifying you in advance. V. Personal Information Protection and Privacy Policy 5.1Without your consent and confirmation, this platform will not use your information for other purposes. We have the right to obtain, use, store and share your personal information in an explicit manner, subject to compliance with laws and regulations. We will not disclose, edit or reveal your personal information and non-public content you save on this platform without your authorization. 5.2 This platform will collect non-personal information through your IP address, including but not limited to the nature of your browser, the type of operating system, the domain name of the ISP that provides you with access services, etc., in order to optimize the pages displayed on your computer screen. By collecting the above information, we also conduct customer traffic statistics to improve the management and services of the website. 5.3 This platform uses various security technologies and procedures to establish a sound management system to protect your personal information and privacy security to prevent you from the risk of unauthorized access, use or disclosure. 5.4 Respecting user privacy and protecting the security of your personal information is our consistent attitude. This platform will take reasonable measures to protect your personal information and privacy. We promise that unless you agree, this platform will not collect or use your personal information other than that necessary for providing services or use the information for purposes other than providing services. 5.5You agree that we have the right to collect your usage and behavior information through technologies such as cookies, and freely use the desensitized pure commercial data after the data is desensitized so that it no longer points to or is associated with your personal identity information. Of course, you can also delete cookies according to your preferences, but if you do so, you need to change the user settings yourself every time you visit this platform. The general path to delete cookies is currently the browser: "Settings-Clear Data", or restore/clear the mobile phone system. 5.6 When you provide the information of a third party to this platform, you should ensure that your collection and use of the third party's information and the purpose have obtained the consent of the third party. You guarantee that you have the right to provide the personal information of the third party to this platform, and at the same time guarantee that this platform has the right to use such information for commercial purposes. When using the above personal information, this platform will not be subject to complaints, claims or other rights claims from third parties. If this platform causes the third party to be held accountable for using the personal information of the third party provided by you, you should ensure that this platform is free from any damage. 5.7 In addition to complying with the personal information protection and privacy policy specifically agreed upon under this agreement, we hope that you will carefully and completely read the "Jialichuang PCB&SMT&Laser Steel Mesh Privacy Policy", which will be more helpful in protecting your personal information. 6. Transaction Specifications 6.1 Unless otherwise proven, the data on goods and transactions recorded and saved by this platform is the only valid evidence of your use of the services of this platform.You shall comply with all applicable Chinese laws, regulations, rules and local legal requirements in connection with your use of the services of this platform and the purchase of goods. 6.3 During the transaction process, you shall review and verify the information of the purchased goods/services, including price, quantity, payment or transportation method of the goods, as well as the consignee, address and contact information. Clicking the "Submit Order" button means that you acknowledge that all the information contained in the order is correct and complete. Although we have made our best efforts, due to objective reasons such as well-known Internet technology factors, the information displayed on this platform may have a certain lag or error. You are aware of and understand this situation. If the displayed information is obviously unreasonable (including but not limited to the obviously low price of goods and obviously unreasonable preferential measures) due to system failure or gross negligence of this platform, please do not proceed to the next step. If you submit an order knowing that the displayed information is obviously unreasonable, it will be regarded as a malicious act, and this platform will have the right to freeze and/or cancel this transaction. 6.4 If you purchase goods on this platform, you are obliged to complete the transaction with this platform, except for transactions prohibited by law or this agreement. By placing an order for an item, you agree to be bound by the conditions of sale contained in the item's description, provided such conditions of sale do not violate this Agreement or are unlawful. 6.5The advertisements, price lists and statements of the Platform do not constitute an offer. The Platform reserves the right to unilaterally withdraw the information or cancel the contract if it discovers obvious errors or out-of-stock of the products and orders displayed on the Platform. The Platform reserves the right to limit the quantity of products ordered. When placing an order, you also acknowledge that you have reached the legal age to purchase these products and will be responsible for the authenticity of all information you provide in the order. 6.6 Product prices and availability are indicated on the Platform. You understand and agree that we have the right to change such information at any time without any notice to you. Delivery charges will be settled separately and the charges vary depending on the delivery method you choose. If an unexpected situation occurs, after confirming your order, if the price changes due to supplier price increases, tax changes, or price changes due to website errors, the Platform will notify you through the contact information you have reserved. If the Platform does not cancel the order, we will let you decide whether to cancel the order. 6.7 The Platform will abide by the agreement with you and deliver the goods you purchase to the delivery address you specify. You understand that all the shipping and delivery times listed on the Platform are reference times (the reference time is calculated based on the inventory status, normal processing and delivery time and delivery location). The Platform does not assume the responsibility for delayed delivery to the maximum extent permitted by law if the order is delayed or cannot be delivered due to the following circumstances: (1)The information you provided is incorrect, the address is not detailed, etc.; (2) No one signs for or refuses to receive the goods after delivery, resulting in delivery failure or delayed delivery; (3) Other clear circumstances. VII. After-sales Service and Product Quality 7.1 We will provide you with after-sales protection in accordance with national laws and regulations and the after-sales service policy published on this platform or agreed in the order contract. The after-sales service policy on this platform is an integral part of this Agreement, and this platform has the right to change the after-sales service policy by statement, notification or other form. 7.2 The quality of the goods shall be implemented in accordance with national standards or professional standards if there are national standards or professional standards; in the absence of the aforementioned standards, it shall be implemented in accordance with the enterprise standards of the manufacturer; in the absence of the enterprise standards of the manufacturer, it shall be determined by negotiation between the user and this platform. If the quality of the goods does not meet the standards, you can request a replacement or return. VIII. Network Security 8.1 You agree that you will not use any robot, spider software, screen-swiping software or other automatic means to enter the website for any purpose without the express written permission of this platform. In addition, you agree that you will not: (1) perform any action that imposes or may impose (as determined by the Platform in its sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Platform; (2) copy, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, distribute or publicly display any content of the Website (except your personal information) without the Platform’s prior express written permission; (3) interfere with or attempt to interfere with the normal operation of the Website or any activities conducted on the Website; (4)Use any content on the Website that violates applicable laws and regulations and may be considered prohibited or may be prohibited; (5) Use the Website to include any virus, Trojan horse, worm, time bomb, delete bot, Easter egg, spyware or other computer program that may destroy, change, delete, adversely affect, secretly intercept, unauthorized access to or expropriate any system, data or personal information. IX. Intellectual Property Rights and Interests 9.1 The copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret and any other ownership or rights related to the network services provided by this platform belong to us or our affiliates. Without our consent, no person or user may download, copy, transmit, adapt or edit without authorization, otherwise they shall bear all legal responsibilities. We own all data information generated and stored on the server during the operation of this platform (including but not limited to account data information, order information, etc., but excluding personal identity data information such as user's name, ID number, mobile phone number, etc.), and users have the right to use the data information belonging to their user account during the normal use of this platform in accordance with this agreement. 9.2 We have the corresponding rights to the materials contained in this platform that are protected by intellectual property rights or other laws; except for the content that you have the copyright to according to law, the intellectual property rights of the entire content of this platform belong to us or our affiliates. 9.3 When you use our services, you use this platformThe intellectual property rights of the original information such as text, pictures, videos, software and performances published and uploaded by the service belong to you (or the third-party content provider and you have agreed otherwise), but based on the needs of the operation of this platform, you confirm that your publication and uploading of such information is deemed to be a non-exclusive, permanent and irrevocable grant to us all the legal rights and interests related to all intellectual property rights, portrait rights, user ID names, etc. related to such information: that is, you agree that we have the right to store, use, copy, revise, edit, publish, display, distribute, promote, publish, issue, translate, and disseminate the above information through information networks, and have the right to adapt and create derivative works, and incorporate the above information into other works in known or later developed forms, media or technologies. You agree that we can sublicense the above intellectual property rights. We have the rights and interests of litigation subject status and have the right to collect evidence and initiate litigation against third-party infringements in our own name. 9.4 This Agreement constitutes a written agreement for the licensing of copyright and other rights as stipulated in Article 26 of the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China and relevant laws, and its effectiveness applies to any work content protected by copyright law that you publish on this Platform, regardless of whether such content was created before or after the conclusion of this Agreement. 9.5You agree and fully understand the terms of this Agreement, and promise not to publish the information published on this platform in any form or authorize other entities to use it in any way (including but not limited to use on various websites and media). 9.6 Based on the competitive data rights obtained from the legal processing of data, we enjoy independent use rights without your consent, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations. 9.7 If your intellectual property rights are accidentally infringed during the use of this platform, you have the right to submit relevant materials to this platform to notify us in accordance with the infringement complaints and appeals rules of this platform. This platform will strictly handle your feedback in a timely manner in accordance with the procedures in the infringement complaints and appeals rules, and take necessary measures (deletion, blocking, disconnection or restriction of use of functions, etc.) to deal with it when necessary. If you find any illegal or irregular situation or violation of the relevant rules of this service during the use of this platform, you also have the right to report to us through the above methods, and we will also handle your feedback in a timely manner. For details on the infringement complaints and appeals rules, please see the link: [Infringement Complaints and Appeals Rules of Jialichuang and Related Platforms]. 9.8The information and materials published on this platform (such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, sound file clips, digital downloads, data editing and software) are the property of us or our content providers and are protected by Chinese and international intellectual property laws. The compilation of all content on this platform is our exclusive property and is protected by Chinese and international intellectual property laws. All software on this platform is the property of us or our software suppliers and is protected by Chinese and international intellectual property laws. X. Force Majeure and Exemption 10.1 This platform is obliged to ensure the normal operation of the website technically, try to avoid service interruption or limit the interruption time to the shortest time, and ensure the smooth progress of users' online trading activities. 10.2 You understand that this platform cannot guarantee that the network service will definitely meet your needs, nor does it guarantee that the network service it provides will not be interrupted, and does not guarantee the timeliness, security and accuracy of the network service. At the same time, although we have made our best efforts, this platform does not guarantee that the website can operate error-free for a long time, nor does it guarantee that the server will not be invaded by computer viruses or other failures. The Platform shall not be liable for any losses caused by telecommunication system or Internet network failures, computer failures or viruses, information damage or loss, computer system problems or any other force majeure within the scope permitted by law. 10.3The Platform does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of all information, text, graphics, links and other items. This information is for your reference only. 10.4 You must bear all risks arising from the use of the Platform or logging into other third-party websites through the Platform, and independently bear the consequences of exchanging information with others. The Platform does not guarantee the authenticity, accuracy and reliability of the information you send or receive. Your trust in the information you receive is purely personal risk. 10.5 In view of the particularity of Internet services, you understand and agree that we do not need to be responsible for the losses you suffer (including but not limited to losses in property, income, data, etc. or other intangible losses) in the following circumstances: (1) The Platform and Services cannot operate normally due to force majeure such as typhoons, earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, power outages, wars, terrorist attacks, etc.; (2) The Platform and Services are interrupted or delayed due to computer viruses, Trojans, other malicious programs, hacker attacks, technical adjustments or failures of telecommunications departments and network operators, system maintenance, etc.; (3) The Platform and Services are interrupted, terminated or delayed due to changes in laws and regulations, orders and rulings of judicial and administrative agencies, etc. XI. Liability for Breach of Contract 11.1 If we find or receive reports or complaints from others that you have violated the provisions of this Agreement or violated laws, regulations and relevant national regulations, we have the right to take warnings, freezes, terminates/suspends/restricts the use ofAccount and other functions, cancel or terminate this Agreement, or propose measures such as damages. 11.2 If your behavior causes us losses (including but not limited to direct losses, reputation losses, fines from third parties, claims, etc.), we have the right to recover from you in full. If you have deposits, virtual currency and other property or virtual rights such as coupons in this platform, we have the right to freeze them. 11.3 After the termination of this Agreement, unless otherwise expressly provided by law, this platform has no obligation to disclose any information in your account to you or a third party designated by you. After the termination of this Agreement, this platform still has the following rights: according to legal provisions, continue to save all kinds of information you have retained on this platform; for your past breach of contract, this platform can still pursue your breach of contract liability in accordance with this agreement. 11.4 This platform may publicize the information on the handling measures for your above-mentioned breach of contract and other illegal information confirmed by effective legal documents of national administrative or judicial organs on our platform, community, self-media or other media, and all consequences will be borne by you. 12. Notices and Advertisements 12.1 When you register as a user of this Platform and accept the services of this Platform, you should provide this Platform with real and effective contact information (including your email address, contact number, contact address, etc.). If the contact information changes, you are obliged to update the relevant information in a timely manner and keep yourself contactable. 12.2The member account (including sub-account) generated when you register as a user of this platform for logging into this platform to receive in-site mail, system messages and instant messages is also your effective contact information. 12.3 This platform will deliver various notifications to you through one or more of your above-mentioned contact methods, and the content of such notifications may have a significant positive or negative impact on your rights and obligations. Please pay attention to it in a timely manner. 12.4 This platform will send you notifications through the above-mentioned contact methods. Written notifications sent electronically, including but not limited to announcements on this platform, mobile phone text messages sent to the contact number you provide, emails sent to the email address you provide, system messages sent to your account and in-site mail information, will be deemed to have been delivered after successful delivery; written notifications sent on paper carriers will be deemed to have been delivered on the fifth natural day after being mailed to the contact address provided. 12.5 For any disputes arising from trading activities on this platform, you agree that judicial organs (including but not limited to the People's Court) may deliver legal documents (including but not limited to litigation documents) to you through modern communication methods such as mobile phone text messages, emails or in-site mails or by post.The mobile phone number, email address or internal mail you specify to receive legal documents are the mobile phone number, email address you provide when registering and updating on this platform, and the member account you generate when registering as a user of this platform. The judicial authority shall be deemed to have served the legal documents by sending them to the above contact information. The mailing address you specify is your legal contact address or the valid contact address you provide. 12.6 You agree that the judicial authority may use one or more of the above methods to serve you legal documents. If the judicial authority uses multiple methods to serve you legal documents, the time of service shall be based on the earliest service of the above methods. 12.7 You agree that the above methods of service are applicable to all stages of judicial procedures. If a litigation procedure is entered, it includes but is not limited to the first instance, second instance, retrial, execution and supervision procedures. 12.8 You shall ensure that the contact information you provide is accurate and valid, and shall be updated in real time. If the legal documents cannot be served or are not served in time due to inaccurate contact information provided or failure to promptly inform the changed contact information, you shall bear the legal consequences that may arise therefrom. 12.9 You agree that while accepting our services, you will allow us to send and display advertisements, promotional or publicity information (including commercial and non-commercial information) to you by ourselves or by third-party advertisers in compliance with laws and regulations. If you are not interested in the advertisements or information sent or recommended, you can control the system to display or not display/reduce the display of relevant types of advertisements or information to you based on the relevant technical options we provide.13. Termination of Agreement 13.1 You have the right to terminate this Agreement in any of the following ways: (1) You cancel your account on the website when the account cancellation conditions of this platform are met; (2) You stop using the website before the changes take effect and expressly indicate that you are unwilling to accept the changes; (3) You expressly indicate that you are unwilling to continue using the services of this platform and meet the termination conditions of this platform. 13.2 In the following circumstances, this platform may notify you to terminate this Agreement in the manner specified in this Agreement: (1) You violate the provisions of this Agreement and this platform terminates this Agreement in accordance with the breach of contract clause; (2) You steal other people's accounts, publish prohibited information, defraud others of their property, sell counterfeit goods, disrupt the market order, take unfair means to make profits, etc., and this platform seals your account in accordance with the rules of this platform; (3) In addition to the above circumstances, because you have repeatedly violated the relevant provisions of the rules of this platform and the circumstances are serious, this platform seals your account in accordance with the rules of this platform; (4) Other circumstances where the service should be terminated. 13.3 After the termination of this Agreement, unless otherwise expressly provided by law, the Platform has no obligation to disclose any information in your account to you or a third party designated by you. 13.4 After the termination of this Agreement, the Platform still has the following rights: (1) To the extent necessary for business and in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, the Platform will continue to preserve all types of information you have stored on the Platform; (2) For your past breach of contract, the Platform may still pursue your liability for breach of contract in accordance with this Agreement. 13.5After the termination of this Agreement, this platform may decide whether to close the transaction orders generated by you during the term of this Agreement; if this platform requires continued performance, you shall continue to perform the provisions of this Agreement and the transaction orders for such transaction orders, and bear any losses or increased expenses incurred thereby. XIV. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction 14.1 The conclusion, effectiveness, interpretation, amendment, supplement, termination, execution and dispute resolution of this Agreement shall be subject to the laws of mainland China; if there are no relevant provisions in the law, refer to business practices and/or industry practices. 14.2 Any disputes arising from your use of the services of this platform and related to the services of this platform shall be resolved by this platform through negotiation with you. If the negotiation fails, either party may file a lawsuit with the People's Court with jurisdiction over the location of this platform. XV. Other Terms 15.1 Due to the rapid development of the Internet, the terms listed in this agreement signed by you and Jialichuang cannot fully list and cover all the rights and obligations of you and Jialichuang, and the existing agreements cannot guarantee that they will fully meet the needs of future development. Therefore, the Platform's Privacy Policy and announcements, public notices and other regulatory content are supplementary agreements to this Agreement, which are inseparable from this Agreement and have the same legal effect. 15.2 If any clause of this Agreement is deemed to be repealed, invalid or unenforceable, such clause shall be deemed to be separable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining clauses of this Agreement. 15.3We have the right to modify this Agreement when necessary in accordance with laws and regulations (including the timely formulation and publication of other policies, rules, and announcements). The updated terms of the Agreement will replace the original Agreement and will take effect after the expiration of the period prescribed by law. You can view the latest version of the terms of the Agreement on the relevant service page. After the modification of this Agreement, if you continue to use the services of this platform, it will be deemed that you have accepted the modified Agreement. If you do not accept the modified Agreement, you have the right to stop using this platform. 16. How to Contact Us If you have any questions, complaints, opinions and suggestions, you are welcome to communicate with us and provide feedback. You can contact us in the following ways: Service phone: 0755-82048202