Service Agreement Release Date: March 26, 2022 Effective Date: March 26, 2022 Welcome to register for a College Talent Network account and use the services of the College Talent Network. This "College Talent Network User Service Agreement" ("this User Agreement") is an agreement between you and the College Talent Network regarding the registration of a College Talent Network user account and the use of the College Talent Network's services. You should carefully read and comply with all the contents of this User Agreement, especially the terms involving the exemption or limitation of our liability, which may be highlighted in bold and underlined to remind you. When you fill in the information, read and agree to this User Agreement and complete the entire registration process as prompted on the registration page, it means that you have fully read, understood and accepted all the contents of this User Agreement, and have reached an agreement with the College Talent Network to become a user of the College Talent Network. If you do not agree to this User Agreement, please do not click "I Agree", "Register" or similar content, do not register or use the services of the College Talent Network, and stop the registration process immediately. If you have any doubts or dissatisfaction with the content of this User Agreement (especially the terms involving exemption or limitation of liability), you can contact us at any time according to the contact information listed in this User Agreement. We will handle your request or complaint in a timely manner and explain it to you. I. Subject and Scope of the User Agreement 1. Subject of the Agreement"College Talent Network" is a collective term for the relevant entities under Guangzhou Gaocai Information Technology Co., Ltd. that operate or provide specific services to you. The entity that signs this User Agreement with you depends on the specific service you use. User refers to the user of the College Talent Network service, and is also referred to as "you" in this User Agreement. This User Agreement applies to the services provided by the College Talent Network webpage, mobile terminal, mini program and other media under this Agreement. 2. Agreement Content This User Agreement is the main service agreement between the College Talent Network and you. Since the College Talent Network provides you with a variety of services, if you choose to use related services, it may constitute a supplementary agreement between you and the College Talent Network. The supplementary agreement is inseparable from this User Agreement and has the same legal effect. You shall abide by the content of the relevant agreement and the documents cited therein. (1) "College Talent Network Privacy Policy" (link address:): College Talent Network regards user information security and privacy protection as its lifeline. The collection, use and sharing of your personal information will comply with the "College Talent Network Privacy Policy"; (2) Terms of service for specific products and services: After you register for a College Talent Network account, you can use the account to enjoy a wealth of College Talent Network job search services. In order to better explain the functions of each service to you, we have formulated special service terms for specific services for all parties to follow. You can view such service terms on the page of the relevant product or service. As a user of the University Talent Network service, you should abide by the above agreement and the documents cited therein. 2. Account Registration and Use1. Registration Information You shall uphold the principles of honesty, good faith, legality and good faith, and provide the College Talent Network with legal, true and accurate registration information. You shall not submit any illegal or bad information. If there are any changes in the relevant information, you shall update it in a timely manner. You understand and agree that you have the obligation to maintain the authenticity and validity of the information you provide. If the information you provide is illegal, untrue, inaccurate or not updated in a timely manner, it may bring you adverse consequences or relevant legal liabilities. At the same time, the College Talent Network has the right to take corresponding measures in accordance with this user agreement and reserves the right to pursue your legal liability. 2. Service Qualifications You shall promise that you have truthfully filled in your age when registering, that you are over 18 years old, and have the corresponding civil capacity to sign this user agreement. If a minor aged 16 to 18 wishes to use the College Talent Network service, please have the guardian of the minor register an account and fill in the relevant information. 3. Account Usage If there is evidence or the University Talent Network has reason to believe that you have improperly registered or improperly used the University Talent Network account, we may manage, close or take other reasonable measures on the relevant account without further notice to you. If your improper registration or improper use causes losses to the University Talent Network and related parties, you shall also bear the corresponding compensation liability. 4. Account Security SpecificationsYou should choose a password that is highly confidential and secure, and properly manage your user name, login password, payment password (if any) and verification code. Unless there is any fault on the University Talent Network, you shall be responsible for all the results of your actions under your account (including but not limited to publishing personal remarks, the authenticity of resumes and disclosure of information, etc.). Please do not trust any information requesting passwords or property, do not provide the above information to any third party for use, and do not engage in any behavior that may cause the user name, password, verification code, etc. to be leaked. It is recommended that you try not to use the same password as the University Talent Network account in third-party applications. If you fail to properly keep your account password, etc. and cause any loss or damage, you shall seek compensation from the infringer through judicial, administrative and other relief channels or bear the responsibility yourself. When you find improper use of your account or any other situation that may endanger the security of your account, you should contact us immediately, and the University Talent Network will actively assist you in handling it. Please understand that it will take a reasonable amount of time for the University Talent Network to take action on any of your requests, and that the actions taken by the University Talent Network at your request may not be able to avoid or prevent the formation or expansion of the consequences of infringement. Unless the University Talent Network has statutory fault, the University Talent Network cannot be held responsible for the above-mentioned infringement and its consequences (including the expansion of infringement consequences that cannot be prevented or avoided); if the actions taken at your request inevitably damage the rights and interests of a third party, you shall bear the corresponding liability to the third party. III. University Talent Network Services and Specifications 1. Service OverviewThe University Talent Network is committed to building a high-level talent service platform. The services provided by the University Talent Network to users include but are not limited to online recruitment, service outsourcing, advertising and other products and services, providing employers and job seekers with one-stop talent recruitment services to improve workplace competitiveness and realize self-worth. Our services may be adjusted and updated from time to time according to your needs. Please refer to the service items on our website or mini program. 2. Recruitment Services You should not use our services for any other purpose that is not related to talent recruitment, and should not engage in any behavior that affects our provision of services or other acts that harm the legitimate interests of others, including but not limited to: (1) Posting incomplete, false or inaccurate resume information, or resumes that are not your own, on the resume center (posting other people's resumes to find full-time or part-time jobs for others); (2) Posting non-resume information, such as opinions, notices, commercials or other non-resume content; (3) Deleting or modifying information published by other individuals or companies except for authorized publishers; (4) Printing, copying, forwarding or otherwise using any personal information or business information about employers without authorization; (5) Emailing, calling, sending letters or otherwise contacting individuals or employers who post information without consent. 3. Information PushYou understand and agree that in order to provide you with more comprehensive and convenient recruitment services, the University Talent Network may push information about special events, job information and other information (including commercial or non-commercial information) related to recruitment activities to you through SMS, email, WeChat, phone, etc. In addition, in order to enable you to understand the progress of your job search in real time during the job search process, we may push messages to you. It should be noted that when it comes to important matters such as system management or security information related to your use of services or information security, we will push this information to you to ensure that you can use the relevant services of the University Talent Network smoothly. You understand and agree that you should carefully judge the authenticity and reliability of the above-mentioned relevant information push. Except as expressly provided by laws and regulations, you shall be responsible for the actions taken due to the information and bear all legal responsibilities arising therefrom. 4. Security Obligations During your use of the University Talent Network services, we will take technical measures and other necessary measures to try our best to ensure network security and stable operation, and prevent network illegal and criminal activities. At the same time, you should abide by relevant laws and regulations, and should not engage in any behavior that violates the provisions of laws and regulations or affects the security of the website, including but not limited to:(1) Activities that violate network security regulations and endanger computer information network security: such as destroying or attempting to destroy the network security protection measures of the University Talent Network, cracking, destroying, deleting, modifying or adding network services and related software and hardware facilities; deleting, modifying or adding data and applications stored or transmitted in computer information networks, including interfering with services to users and networks through overloading, "mail bombing" or "destruction"; using software or hardware to steal other people's passwords, illegally invade other people's computer systems, including accessing unauthorized data or entering unauthorized servers, accounts, mailboxes, or allowing third parties to access data, resumes or other information published, transmitted or disseminated by this website without the consent of this website; intentionally creating and disseminating destructive programs such as computer viruses; other activities that endanger computer information network security; (2) Using the University Talent Network services to endanger national security, undermine political stability, leak state secrets, infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of the state, society, collective interests and third parties, and engage in illegal and criminal activities; establishing websites and communication groups used to commit fraud, teach criminal methods, produce or sell prohibited items, controlled items and other illegal and criminal activities;(3) Publishing prohibited information: any information that violates the prohibitions of national laws and regulations; any information that contains political propaganda, feudal superstition, obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, terrorism, or incites crime; any information that incites ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, or undermines ethnic unity; any information that is fraudulent, false, inaccurate, or misleading; any information that infringes on the intellectual property rights of others or involves the trade secrets and other proprietary rights of a third party; any information that insults, slanders, intimidates, involves the privacy of others, or infringes on the legitimate rights and interests of others; any information that violates local customs and habits; any information that violates the public interest or public morals or is not suitable for publication on the university talent network in accordance with the relevant agreements/rules/policies of the university talent network; (4) Any information that privately sends promotional information, product advertising, or service information; (5) Any information that infringes on the copyright, trade secrets, or other intellectual property rights of others, or infringes on the privacy or other legitimate personal rights of others. IV. LiabilityIf you are involved in one or more of the above-mentioned behaviors in the process of using the University Talent Network service, you need to bear legal responsibility for your behavior, and the University Talent Network has the right to decide whether to suspend or terminate the use of your account. In necessary or urgent circumstances, we may immediately suspend or terminate your service without further notice to you. In addition, if your behavior causes the University Talent Network to incur expenses, such as the University Talent Network first bears the administrative penalties or infringement damages caused by your behavior. The University Talent Network reserves the right to pursue you for equal compensation. At the same time, you shall also bear the reasonable expenses spent by the University Talent Network for rights protection, including but not limited to attorney fees, appraisal fees, notarization fees, travel expenses, etc. V. Intellectual Property Rights All or part of the content, graphics, layout design, etc. provided in the University Talent Network service that can be protected as works (including but not limited to web pages, text, pictures, images, maps, icons, audio, video, graphics, layout design, electronic documents, data, etc.), as well as the various source codes, execution programs, systems and data used to develop, operate and maintain the operation of this website are protected by Chinese copyright laws, regulations and relevant international treaties. Unless otherwise stated in writing, the intellectual property rights of the above information and content belong to University Talent Network. Without the prior written consent of University Talent Network, no part or all of the copying, reproduction, use, modification, linking, compilation, publication, crawling or any other use is allowed.You understand and agree that, with prior written permission from the University Talent Network and without any modification to the content, graphics and other works, elements or information, the relevant content and information of the University Talent Network may be displayed outside the University Talent Network page or used for non-commercial purposes. If the relevant content and information of this website is copied, reproduced or used in other forms with the consent of the University Talent Network, it shall be indicated that the data comes from "University Talent Network" and that the University Talent Network owns the copyright of such content and information. Applications for permission to use the relevant content and information of the University Talent Network are approved on a case-by-case basis. You are welcome to apply to us through the contact information at the bottom of the page.Please note that the content (including but not limited to text, pictures, videos, audio, animation, etc.) you upload, submit, store or publish when using the University Talent Network service is originally created by you or has been legally authorized. The intellectual property rights of any content you upload, submit, store or publish through the University Talent Network service belong to you or the original copyright owner, and your uploading, submission, storage or publishing behavior will not infringe on the intellectual property rights or other legal rights of others. Once you accept this user agreement, it means that you actively authorize the non-exclusive and transferable property rights of the above content, such as copyright (including but not limited to: reproduction rights, distribution rights, rental rights, adaptation rights, translation rights, compilation rights and other transferable rights that should be enjoyed by the copyright owner) to the University Talent Network exclusively and without geographical restrictions. The University Talent Network or its authorized third party may modify, copy, adapt, translate, compile or produce the above authorized content to form derivative products. On the basis of not violating the mandatory provisions of relevant laws and regulations and respecting the intellectual property rights of the relevant original authorized content, the relevant intellectual property rights of such derivative products belong to the University Talent Network or the third party authorized by the University Talent Network.Please note that the affiliated logos and patterns of the University Talent Network and its related brands belong to the University Talent Network. The trademarks of the business partners of the University Talent Network belong to the partners. Please do not apply for trademarks, domain names, wireless websites, Internet search terms or any trade names or service marks similar to the University Talent Network trademarks in your own name or instigate a third party, nor agree or allow any third party to apply in any way. The above trademarks may not be copied or used in any other way without the prior written permission of the University Talent Network or its business partners. Please note that you will bear full responsibility for any intellectual property infringement caused by any content you upload or publish through the University Talent Network; if the University Talent Network or other authorized service providers suffer losses due to the protection of third-party intellectual property rights, you will face corresponding compensation liability. VI. Force majeure and other grounds for exemption 1. Force majeureYou understand and agree that when you use the University Talent Network service, you may encounter risk factors such as force majeure, which may cause the University Talent Network service to be suspended or unable to continue to be provided. Force majeure refers to objective events that cannot be foreseen, overcome, or avoided and have a significant impact on one or both parties, including but not limited to typhoons, earthquakes, floods, hail, government actions, strikes, riots, information network equipment maintenance, information network connection failures, computer, communication or other system failures, power failures, changes in laws and regulations, orders from judicial and administrative agencies, other force majeure or inaction of third parties that cause the inability to provide services or delays in services, or delays, stagnation or errors in the information and data provided. In the event of force majeure, we will try to repair it as soon as possible, and the University Talent Network and you will bear the losses caused thereby. 2. Other exemptions (1) The publisher of the job application information is fully responsible for the authenticity, accuracy and legality of the format, content, and materials, documents and related information stored in the resume center. The publisher of the recruitment information is fully responsible for the authenticity, accuracy and legality of the information published in the job database; (2) Employers and individual users should be prudent in dealing with the behavior of the other party. The University Talent Network cannot be responsible for the offline behavior of users. If the behavior of the other party causes any adverse effects on the user, the University Talent Network does not bear any legal responsibility; (3) The University Talent Network cannot guarantee the number of views of resumes, nor can it guarantee that specific users will view resumes;(4) The external link URLs set up to provide convenience to users are not guaranteed by the University Talent Network for accuracy, security and completeness, nor do they represent the University Talent Network's approval of the content of the links. Please confirm carefully before using them. Any personal information leakage or other losses caused by other websites linked to the University Talent Network or the network operators used by users, as well as any legal disputes and consequences caused by them, shall be the responsibility of other websites or the network operators used by users; (5) Unless otherwise expressly stated in writing, and in compliance with laws and regulations, the University Talent Network does not make any form of express or implied statement or warranty regarding the information, content, materials, products or services on its website and client; (6) To the extent permitted by law, the total liability of the University Talent Network for any claim under this User Agreement is limited to the amount you paid to us for using the service. VII. Modification and Termination of the Agreement We may modify this User Agreement and the University Talent Network Privacy Policy at any time, for example, to reflect changes in our services. You should review this User Agreement regularly. If there are major changes, we will publish or send an announcement of the changes in the terms through effective means such as web pages or push notifications, so that you have the opportunity to review the changes before they take effect. If you do not agree to any of the changes, you may stop using the services involved in the changes or contact customer service to cancel your account. If you continue to use the services involved after the above changes are implemented, it will be deemed that you have agreed to the updates and modifications.This User Agreement shall terminate when any of the following circumstances occur: (1) The University Talent Network terminates or cancels your user account in accordance with the relevant provisions of this User Agreement, and this User Agreement shall terminate on the date when the account is terminated or cancelled; (2) You cancel your University Talent Network account by contacting customer service if you meet the conditions, and this User Agreement shall terminate on the date when the account is cancelled; (3) The University Talent Network has the right to terminate all University Talent Network services based on its own business arrangements. We will reasonably notify you in advance, and this User Agreement shall terminate on the date when the University Talent Network services are terminated in accordance with legal procedures and methods. Upon termination of this User Agreement, your right to use the University Talent Network services shall terminate. The University Talent Network will no longer be able to provide you with any services or perform any other obligations, including but not limited to retaining or displaying any information in your original University Talent Network account, such as sending you or other third parties information and materials generated by you. The termination of this User Agreement shall not affect the validity of the intellectual property clauses and other clauses that should continue to be valid according to their contents. 8. Notice When you register for a College Talent Network account and accept College Talent Network services, you should provide College Talent Network with real and effective contact information (including your email address, contact number, etc.) so that College Talent Network can contact you at any time and send you effective notices. In addition, the pop-up windows and other notification forms pushed by College Talent Network to your browsing interface are also regarded as effective notices sent to you.You understand and agree that you should ensure that the contact information you provide is accurate, valid, and updated in real time. If the contact information provided is inaccurate or the changed contact information is not notified in time, so that the notice cannot be delivered or is not delivered in time, you shall bear the legal consequences that may arise from this. IX. Applicable Legal Jurisdiction and Others This User Agreement shall be subject to the laws of the People's Republic of China. You understand and agree that if you have a dispute with the University Talent Network due to the use of the University Talent Network service, we will negotiate with you to resolve it. If the negotiation fails, either party may file a lawsuit with the Tianhe District People's Court of Guangzhou. If any clause in this User Agreement is deemed to be repealed, invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the clause shall be deemed to be separable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other clauses. The inapplicable clauses will be modified so that they can be applied in accordance with the law. Other rights not expressly authorized are still reserved by the University Talent Network, and you must obtain the written permission of the University Talent Network when exercising these rights. If the University Talent Network does not exercise any of the aforementioned rights, it does not constitute a waiver of such rights. If you have any questions or suggestions about this User Agreement, please contact us via telephone: 020-85611139 or QQ: 2881224205 or email: info@gaoxiaojob.com.