Children's Privacy Policy Scallop's Rules for the Protection of Minors' Information and Instructions for Guardians Guardians are welcome to use Scallop. Scallop.com and its affiliated websites and software (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Scallop" or "Scallop") are managed by Nanjing Beiwan Information Technology Co., Ltd. Scallop is well aware of the importance of personal information and privacy security of minors (under the age of 18, hereinafter the same). Scallop hopes to explain Scallop's corresponding processing rules and other related matters when collecting and using minors' personal information through the "Scallop's Rules for the Protection of Minors' Personal Information and Instructions for Guardians" (hereinafter referred to as "this Policy"). Before using Scallop's products and services (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Scallop Services"), minors and guardians of minors must carefully read and thoroughly understand this policy, especially the terms marked in bold/underlined, which should be read carefully, and use should be started only after confirming that they fully understand and agree to all terms. Special instructions for guardians:If Scallop learns that a minor is under the age of 14, Scallop will take special measures to protect the minor's personal information obtained by Scallop in accordance with this policy. Please help Scallop protect the personal information and privacy security of minors, and require them to read and accept this policy together under the supervision of their guardians, and use Scallop services and submit personal information under the consent and guidance of their guardians. If the guardian disagrees with the content of this policy, it may cause Scallop's products and services to fail to operate normally, or fail to achieve the service effect that Scallop intends to achieve. The guardian should require the minor to immediately stop accessing and using Scallop's products and/or services. If a minor uses or continues to use Scallop services or submits personal information, it means that the guardian agrees that Scallop will collect, use, store and share the minor's personal information in accordance with this policy (including updated versions). Special note for minors: Scallop recommends that any minor participating in online activities should obtain the consent of the guardian in advance. Minors, please notify your guardian to read this policy together, and seek the guardian's consent and guidance before using Scallop's word services and submitting personal information. If a minor clicks to agree to this policy, or uses/continues to use the Scallop Word service or submits personal information, it means that the minor has obtained the permission of the guardian and agrees that Scallop may collect, use, store and share the minor's personal information in accordance with this policy (including updated versions).This policy applies to the activities of Scallop in collecting, using, storing and sharing the personal information of minors through the Internet within the territory of the People's Republic of China. When a minor uses any Scallop service, the minor and the guardian agree to accept the protection of this policy and the specific minor privacy information policy terms (if any, hereinafter referred to as "Specific Terms") issued by Scallop in that single service. In this case, the Specific Terms and the terms of this policy are effective for the minor and the guardian at the same time. If there is an inconsistent agreement between the Specific Terms and the terms of this policy, the Specific Terms shall prevail within the scope of the Specific Terms. If a single service provided by Scallop is not subject to this policy, the service will expressly exclude the application of this policy in an appropriate manner. For matters not covered in this policy, the Scallop Privacy Policy shall prevail. After reading this policy, if you have any questions about this policy or matters related to this policy, you can contact Scallop through the feedback channels listed in the "How to Contact Scallop" section of this policy, and Scallop will respond as soon as possible. This policy will help guardians understand the following: Chapter 1 How to Collect and Use Personal Information of Minors Chapter 2 How to Use Cookies and Similar Technologies Chapter 3 Personal Information of Minors That Scallop May Share, Transfer and Disclose Chapter 4 How Scallop Retains, Stores and Protects Personal Information of Minors Chapter 5 How to Manage Personal Information of Minors Chapter 6 Third-Party Services Chapter 7 Notices and Revisions Chapter 8 How to Contact Scallop Chapter 9 Others Chapter 1How to collect and use the personal information of minors The Scallop Privacy Policy describes Scallop's usual personal information collection practices. Scallop will collect and use the following types of personal information from minors for the following purposes. 1.1 Complete registration and login In order to facilitate Scallop's service provision, minors need to provide basic registration or login information, including WeChat account, QQ account, Weibo account, mobile phone number, email address, and create a Scallop service account, user name and password. In some individual services, if you only need to use basic services such as browsing and learning, minors do not need to provide all of the above information. During the registration and login process of some individual services, if minors provide other additional information (such as gender, region, date of birth, interests and hobbies), it will help Scallop provide personalized recommendations and a better service experience, but if this information is not provided, it will not affect their use of the basic functions of Scallop's services. In addition, in accordance with the terms of the service agreement of Scallop's individual services and the relevant national laws and regulations, Scallop also provides cancellation of minors' registered accounts. Minors or guardians can click the [Help and Feedback] entrance in the APP, enter [Cancel Account] and follow the prompts. 1.2 Providing products or services The personal information of minors collected and used by Scallop is a necessary condition for providing Scallop services to minors. If relevant information is missing, Scallop will not be able to provide the core content of Scallop services to minors, such as: 1.2.1When minors use Scallop services, upload and/or publish information, and perform related actions (such as posting comments, replying to comments, liking articles, and sharing), Scallop will collect the information uploaded, published, or generated by minors, and has the right to display the nicknames, avatars, and published content of minors; 1.2.2 In some service items, in order to facilitate the delivery of products or services to minors, minors must at least provide the recipient's personal identity information, name, delivery address, zip code, recipient, contact number, and payment status information. If you refuse to provide such information, Scallop will not be able to provide delivery services for you. Before purchasing products or services from Scallop, minors must ensure that they have obtained the authorization and consent of their guardians; 1.2.3 In order to display the order information of minors' accounts, Scallop will collect the order information generated by minors during the use of Scallop services for display to them and to facilitate their management of orders; 1.2.4 When minors contact Scallop, Scallop may save the minors' communication/call records and content or contact information left by the minors, so as to contact the minors or guardians or help them solve problems, or record the solutions and results of related problems; 1.2.5 In order to confirm the transaction status and provide after-sales and dispute resolution services for minors, Scallop will collect transaction, payment, and logistics information related to the transaction progress through the transaction objects, payment institutions, logistics companies, etc. selected by the minors based on the transaction, or share their transaction information with the above-mentioned service providers;1.2.6 In order to provide minors with page displays that better meet their needs or match their age, recommend personalized content, conduct user profiling, understand product adaptability, and identify abnormal account status, Scallop may collect information about the services used by minors and how they use them and associate this information, including: Log information: When minors use Scallop services, Scallop may automatically collect detailed information about their use of Scallop services and save it as relevant network logs. For example, the minor’s login account, search query content, IP address, browser type, telecom operator, network environment, language used, access date and time, web browsing history, Push opening history, stay time, refresh history, release history, collection and sharing. Device information: Scallop may receive and record information about the device used by the minor (such as IMEI, MAC, Serial, SM card IMSI identification code, device model, operating system and version, client version, device resolution, package name, device settings, process and software list, unique device identifier, software and hardware feature information) based on the specific permissions granted by the minor during software installation and use.Please note that separate device information and log information are information that cannot identify the identity of a specific minor. If Scallop combines such non-minor personal information with other information to identify the identity of a specific minor, or uses it in combination with the personal information of a minor, then during the period of combined use, such non-minor personal information will be deemed as the personal information of a minor. Unless authorized by the guardian or otherwise required by laws and regulations, Scallop will anonymize and de-identify such personal information of minors. 1.2.7 Personal information of minors collected indirectly by Scallop: Scallop may obtain relevant information authorized to be shared by minors from affiliates or third-party partners. For example, Scallop may obtain account information (including user name, avatar, nickname) authorized to be shared by minors from a third party and bind the minor’s third-party account to his or her Scallop service account after the minor and guardian agree to this policy, so that the minor can directly log in and use Scallop’s products or services through the third-party account. Scallop will collect and use this information of minors in compliance with relevant laws and regulations, based on agreements with affiliates or third-party partners, and on the premise that it is convinced that the source of the information provided by them is legal. 1.2.8Based on the above information provided by minors to Scallop, the information that Scallop may collect, and the information of minors collected by Scallop indirectly, Scallop may conduct recommendation algorithm modeling, programmatic advertising recommendation algorithm modeling, user behavior analysis and user profiling based on a combination of one or more of the above information, so as to provide minors with page displays and personalized content recommendations that are more in line with their needs or in line with their age. 1.3 Push Messages 1.3.1 To display and push products or services to minors. Scallop may use the information of minors (such as browsing and search records, device information, order information) to extract the characteristics related to their browsing, search preferences, and behavioral habits, and send information that is in line with their needs or in line with their age through email, SMS or other means based on feature tags to provide or promote Scallop or third-party products and services that may be related to them. 1.3.2 Notification to minors. Scallop may send service-related notifications to minors when necessary (for example, when Scallop suspends a single service, changes, or terminates the provision of a single service due to system maintenance). If a minor or guardian does not wish to continue receiving messages pushed by Scaly, they can request Scaly to stop pushing messages, for example: request Scaly to stop sending promotional messages according to the SMS unsubscription instructions, or set up on their mobile device to no longer receive messages pushed by Scaly; however, this does not apply to situations where Scaly sends messages in accordance with legal provisions or the service agreement for a single service. ** 1.4 Security AssuranceIn order to improve the safety of minors using the services provided by Scallop, protect the personal and property safety of minors or other users or the public from infringement, better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusions and other security risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or relevant agreement rules of Scallop services, Scallop may collect, use or integrate minors’ account information, transaction information, device information, and log information to comprehensively judge the risks of minors’ accounts and transactions, conduct identity verification of minors or guardians, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law. 1.5 Improving Scallop’s Services **Scallop may use the information collected through a certain Scallop service for other Scallop services. For example, information collected when a minor uses a certain Scallop service may be used in another Scallop service to provide them with specific content or to display information related to them rather than generally pushed; Scallop may allow minors and guardians to participate in surveys about Scallop services to help Scallop improve existing services or design new services. 1.6 Other UsesAfter collecting personal information of minors, Scallop may de-identify the data through technical means. The de-identified information will not be able to identify the identity of a specific minor. In this case, Scallop has the right to use the de-identified information to analyze the user database and make commercial use of it without obtaining the guardian's consent. If Scallop wants to use the personal information of minors for other purposes not specified in this policy or collect other personal information of minors not mentioned, Scallop will obtain the consent of the minor and the guardian through page prompts, interactive processes, website announcements or other means. Once you agree or continue to use Scallop's services, such additional uses will be considered part of this policy, and such additional information will also be subject to this policy. 1.7 Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent According to relevant laws and regulations, the following circumstances do not require the authorization and consent of the guardian to collect information about minors: 1.7.1 Related to the fulfillment of Scallop’s obligations under laws and regulations; 1.7.2 Directly related to national security and national defense security; 1.7.3 Directly related to public security, public health, and major public interests; 1.7.4 Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; 1.7.5 For the purpose of safeguarding the major legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the guardian; 1.7.6 The personal information collected is disclosed to the public by the personal information subject on his own initiative; 1.7.7Necessary for signing and performing contracts at the request of the subject of personal information; 1.7.8 Personal information of minors collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels; 1.7.9 Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as discovering and handling product or service failures. 1.8 Some individual services may require minors to enable specific access permissions (such as microphones) in the device to enable the collection and use of information involved in these permissions. When minors and guardians need to turn off this function, most mobile devices will support this requirement. For specific methods, please refer to or contact the service provider or manufacturer of the device. When any permission is turned on on the device, it means that the guardian authorizes Scallop to collect and use relevant information to provide corresponding services to minors. Once any permission is turned off, it means that the guardian cancels the authorization. Scallop will no longer continue to collect and use relevant information based on the corresponding permission, nor will it be able to provide minors with the corresponding services of the permission. However, the decision to turn off permissions will not affect the previous collection and use of information based on the guardian's authorization. 1.9 Tips on sensitive personal informationThe above information about minors provided by minors or guardians or collected by Scallop may contain personal sensitive information of minors, such as name, ID number, bank account number, transaction and consumption records, virtual property information, system account, email address and its related passwords, telephone number, and web browsing history. Minors and guardians are requested to be cautious and pay attention to the personal sensitive information of minors. Guardians agree that Scallop can process the relevant personal sensitive information of minors in accordance with the purposes and methods described in this policy. Chapter 2 How to Use Cookies and Similar Technologies In order to better provide products or services to minors, Scallop uses a number of automatic data collection tools, currently including Flash Cookies and embedded web links. With the help of these technologies, Scallop can track the learning progress of minors in real time and understand the preference information of minors, so as to provide minors with a better and more personalized user experience. Scallop will not use the above technologies for any purpose other than the purposes stated in this policy. Guardians are requested to understand that some of Scallop's services can only be achieved through the use of the above technologies. Minors and guardians can refuse or manage through browsers or user selection mechanisms.Cookies or similar technologies. However, if cookies or similar technologies are disabled, Scallop may not be able to provide minors with the best service experience that meets their needs or is consistent with their age, and some services may not be used normally. At the same time, minors will still receive advertisements, but the relevance of these advertisements to minors will be reduced. Chapter 3 Personal information of minors that Scallop may share, transfer and disclose 3.1 Sharing Except in the following circumstances, Scallop will not share the personal information of minors with any third party outside of Scallop without the consent of the guardian: 3.1.1 Providing Scallop's services to minors. Scallop may share the information of minors with partners and other third parties to realize the functions of Scallop products and/or services and allow minors to use the required services normally, such as: payment institutions that provide payment services, merchants settled in Scallop Mall, partners that provide data services (including online advertising monitoring, data statistics, data analysis), third-party logistics companies and other service providers; 3.1.2 To achieve the purposes stated in the first article of this policy "How Scallop collects and uses the personal information of minors"; 3.1.3 To perform Scallop's obligations and exercise Scallop's rights in this policy or other agreements reached between Scallop and minors and guardians; 3.1.4To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, Scallop may exchange information with other companies and organizations in order to comply with the law, protect the interests, property or safety of Scallop and its partners, minors, guardians or other Scallop users or the general public from damage, such as to prevent illegal activities such as fraud and reduce credit risk. However, this does not include information that is sold, rented, shared or otherwise disclosed for profit in violation of the commitments made in this Policy; 3.1.5 At the legitimate needs of minors or with the authorization and consent of their guardians; 3.1.6 At the legitimate request of guardians; 3.1.7 Provided in accordance with a single service agreement (including an electronic agreement signed online and the corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents; 3.1.8 Provided based on the public interest in compliance with laws and regulations. Scallop will only share minors' personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes. Scallop will conduct security assessments on companies, organizations and individuals with whom it shares personal information, and sign strict confidentiality agreements with them, requiring them to handle information in accordance with Scallop's instructions, this policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. 3.2 Transfer Scallop will not transfer the personal information of minors to any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances: 3.2.1 Obtain explicit consent or authorization from the minor and his/her guardian in advance; 3.2.2 Provide the information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;3.2.3 In the event of major changes such as acquisitions, mergers, bankruptcy liquidation, and reorganization, if the transfer of minors' information is involved, Scallop will require the new company or organization holding the minors' personal information to continue to perform its responsibilities and obligations under this "Children's Privacy Policy". If the changed entity needs to change the purpose of using the minors' information, Scallop will require it to obtain the explicit consent of the minors and their guardians in advance. 3.3 Disclosure Scallop will only publicly disclose the personal information of minors in the following circumstances and on the premise of taking security protection measures that meet industry standards: 3.3.1 Disclose the designated personal information in accordance with the needs of the minors and their guardians in the disclosure method explicitly agreed by the minors and their guardians; 3.3.2 Scallop may publicly disclose the personal information of minors in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations and the mandatory requirements of administrative or judicial authorities. When Scallop receives the above-mentioned disclosure request, Scallop will require the requesting party to produce relevant legal documents, such as subpoenas or letters of assistance in investigations, etc. in accordance with the law. Scallop will carefully review each disclosure request to ensure that such disclosure request complies with relevant legal provisions. Where permitted by laws and regulations, Scallop will take encryption protection measures for files containing disclosed information. 3.4 Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent when sharing, transferring, or disclosing information In the following circumstances, sharing, transferring, or disclosing information of minors does not require prior authorization and consent from the guardian. 3.4.1 Related to Scallop’s performance of its obligations as required by laws and regulations;3.4.2 Directly related to national security and national defense security; 3.4.3 Directly related to public security, public health, and major public interests; 3.4.4 Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; 3.4.5 For the purpose of safeguarding the major legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the guardian; 3.4.6 The personal information collected is disclosed to the public by the personal information subject on its own; 3.4.7 The personal information of minors is collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels; 3.4.8 According to legal provisions, sharing, transferring, and disclosing personal information that has been de-identified, and ensuring that the data recipient cannot restore and re-identify the information subject, does not constitute external sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of personal information, and the preservation and processing of such data will not require additional notification to the guardian and the consent of the guardian. Chapter 4 How Scallop Retains, Stores, and Protects Minors' Personal Information Scallop retains minors' personal information only for the period necessary for the purposes stated in this policy and the shortest period required by laws and regulations. If Scallop terminates its services or operations, it will promptly stop collecting personal information of minors and will comply with relevant laws and regulations to notify the guardians in advance. It will also delete or anonymize the personal information of minors after the termination of services or operations, unless otherwise provided by laws, regulations or regulatory authorities.4.1 The personal information of minors collected and generated by Scallop during its operations in the People's Republic of China shall be stored in China, except in the following circumstances: 4.1.2 There are clear provisions in laws and regulations; 4.1.3 The guardian's authorization and consent is obtained; 4.1.4 The products and services used by minors involve cross-border, and Scallop needs to provide minors' personal information to overseas. In view of the above circumstances, Scallop will conduct a security assessment and ensure that the personal information of minors is adequately protected in accordance with this policy and national laws and regulations. 4.2 Scallop attaches great importance to the privacy and security of minors, has established a special security team, and takes all reasonable and feasible measures to protect the personal information of minors: 4.2.1 Data security technical measures Scallop will adopt security protection measures that meet industry standards, including establishing reasonable system specifications and security technologies to prevent unauthorized access, use, and modification of minors' personal information, and avoid data damage or loss. Scallop will use encryption technology (such as SSL) to encrypt and store minors' personal information, and isolate it through isolation technology. When using minors' personal information, such as information display and information association calculation, Scallop will use a variety of data desensitization technologies to enhance the security of information in use.Scallop will also use strict data access control and multiple identity authentication technologies to protect the personal information of minors and prevent the data from being used in violation of regulations. All personnel who access the personal information of minors will be approved by the person in charge of the protection of the personal information of minors or their authorized managers, record the access situation, and take technical measures to prevent illegal copying and downloading of the personal information of minors. 4.2.2 Other security measures taken by Scallop to protect the personal information of minors Scallop manages and regulates the storage and use of the personal information of minors by establishing a data classification and grading system, data security management specifications, and data security development specifications. Scallop uses information contact confidentiality agreements, monitoring and audit mechanisms to conduct comprehensive security control of data, strictly set information access rights, and control the scope of minors' personal information. Scallop will also hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' security awareness and awareness of the importance of protecting information. 4.2.3 Scallop follows the principle of minimum authorization and only allows Scallop employees and partners who need to know this information to access the personal information of minors, and has set up strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose. Scallop also requires all personnel who may have access to the personal information of minors to fulfill the corresponding confidentiality obligations. If these obligations are not fulfilled, legal liability may be pursued or the cooperation relationship with Scallop may be terminated. 4.2.4 Scallop will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that no irrelevant personal information of minors is collected. 4.2.5The Internet is not an absolutely safe environment, and it is impossible to determine whether email, instant messaging, social software or other service software and other communication methods with other users are completely encrypted. Scallop recommends that guardians and minors use complex passwords when using such tools and pay attention to protecting information security. 4.2.6 The Internet environment is not 100% safe. Scallop will try its best to ensure or guarantee the security of minors' personal information sent to Scallop by minors and guardians. If Scallop's physical, technical, or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of minors' personal information, resulting in damage to the legitimate rights and interests of minors, Scallop will bear the corresponding legal liability. 4.2.7 Security Incident Handling When communicating with a third party or purchasing goods and services through Scallop services, minors will inevitably disclose their information to the counterparty or potential counterparty, such as contact information or postal address. Minors and guardians are requested to properly protect their information and provide it to others only when necessary. In order to deal with possible risks such as leakage, damage and loss of personal information, Scallop has formulated a number of systems to clarify the classification and grading standards for security incidents and security vulnerabilities and the corresponding handling procedures. Scallop has also established a special emergency response team for security incidents. In accordance with the security incident handling specifications, it initiates security plans for different security incidents, conducts loss control, analysis, location, formulates remedial measures, and cooperates with relevant departments to trace the source and crack down on them.After an unfortunate information security incident occurs, Scallop will promptly inform guardians and minors in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures that Scallop has taken or will take, and suggestions and remedial measures that guardians and minors can take to prevent and reduce risks on their own. Scallop will also promptly inform guardians and minors of the relevant situation of the incident by email, letter, phone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the information subject one by one, Scallop will take reasonable and effective ways to issue an announcement. At the same time, Scallop will also proactively report the handling of the information security incident in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities. Due to technical limitations and the limitations of risk prevention, even if Scallop has tried its best to strengthen security measures, it cannot always guarantee 100% security of information. Guardians need to understand that the systems and communication networks used by minors to access Scallop services may have problems due to situations beyond Scallop's control. Guardians and minors must keep Scallop service accounts, passwords and other identity elements properly. When minors use Scallop services, Scallop will identify their identities through accounts, passwords and other identity elements. Once the guardians and minors disclose the above information, they may suffer losses and may be disadvantageous to themselves. If the guardians and minors find that their account, password and/or other identity elements may be or have been leaked, please contact Scallop immediately so that Scallop can take appropriate measures in time to avoid or reduce related losses. Chapter 5 How to manage minors’ personal information 5.1Guardian Control and Choice Scallop encourages guardians to update and modify the personal information of minors to make it more accurate and effective. Guardians and minors can view and access the personal information collected by Scallop about minors through the Scallop services they use, and request to modify, delete or refuse to allow further collection or use of this information. Please keep in mind that requests to delete this information may restrict minors from accessing all or part of the services. Scallop will take appropriate technical measures or provide contact channels for submitting applications to ensure that guardians and minors can access, update and correct the personal information of minors or other information provided when using Scallop services as much as possible. If a guardian believes that his or her child under the age of fourteen may have provided Scallop with personal information, or wishes to review, request deletion or prohibit further collection of information about his or her child, he or she may follow the specific instructions of a single service or contact Scallop through the feedback channels listed in the "How to Contact Scallop" section of this policy. Scallop strongly recommends that guardians supervise the use of all digital media by minors. When accessing, updating, correcting and deleting the aforementioned information, Scallop may require minors and guardians to authenticate their identities to ensure information security. For information about minors collected through COOKIES or similar technologies, Scallop also explains the selection mechanism provided in Section 2 of this Policy, "How Scallop Uses COOKIES or Similar Technologies". 5.2 Disclosure and SharingSome individual services of Scallop allow minors to publicly share their relevant information not only with their social networks but also with all users of the service, such as information uploaded or published by minors in Scallop services, responses of minors to information uploaded or published by others, information uploaded or published by minors in public areas visible to non-specific users in Scallop services, and log information related to such information. As long as minors and guardians do not delete the information they have disclosed or shared, the relevant information may remain in the public domain; even if minors and guardians delete the shared information, the relevant information may still be independently cached, copied or stored by other users or third parties not controlled by Scallop, or saved in the public domain by other users or such third parties. If minors and guardians disclose or share information through the above channels, we are not responsible for any information leakage caused thereby. Therefore, Scallop reminds and asks minors and guardians to carefully consider whether to disclose or share information through the above channels. 5.3 Cancellation In compliance with the terms of the service agreement of Scallop individual services and relevant national laws and regulations, the minor’s Scallop service account may be cancelled or deleted. When an account is cancelled or deleted, all service information and data related to the account under the single service will be deleted or processed in accordance with the service agreement of the single service, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. 5.4 Changes to the scope of authorization consentGuardians and minors can always choose whether to disclose information. Some information is necessary to use the Scallop service, but the provision of most other information is voluntary. Guardians and minors can change the scope of their authorization for Scallop to continue to collect information or withdraw their authorization by deleting information, turning off device functions, etc. When guardians and minors withdraw their authorization, Scallop can no longer provide the corresponding services for which the authorization has been withdrawn, and will no longer process the corresponding information. However, the decision to withdraw authorization will not affect the information processing previously carried out based on the authorization of guardians and minors. Chapter 6 Third-Party Services Scallop services may link to social media or other services (including websites or other service forms) provided by third parties. Including: 6.1 Minors can use the "Share" button to share certain content to third-party services, or minors can use third-party services to log in to Scallop services. These functions may collect information about minors (including log information) and may install COOKIES on minors' computers to enable the above functions to operate normally; 6.2 Scallop provides links to minors through other methods of Scallop services, allowing minors to link to third-party services or websites 6.3 Other situations of accessing third-party services. For example, to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, Scallop may access third-party SDK services and share certain personal information of minors collected in accordance with this policy with such third parties in order to provide better customer service and user experience.Such third-party social media or other services are operated by the relevant third parties. Minors' use of such third-party social media services or other services (including any information provided by minors to such third parties) shall be subject to the third party's own terms of service and information protection statement (not this policy), and minors and guardians need to read their terms carefully. This policy only applies to personal information collected by Scallop and does not apply to any services provided by any third party or the third party's information usage rules. If minors and guardians find that these third-party social media or other services are risky, it is recommended to terminate the relevant operations to protect the legal rights and interests of minors. Chapter VII Notice and Revision In order to provide better services, Scallop may modify the terms of this policy in a timely manner according to the update of products or services and the relevant requirements of laws and regulations, and such modifications shall constitute part of this policy. If such updates result in a substantial reduction or major change in the rights of guardians and minors under this policy, Scallop will notify them through website announcements, push notifications, pop-up prompts or other methods before this policy takes effect. If guardians and minors disagree with such changes, they can choose to stop using Scallop services; if minors continue to use Scallop services, it means that guardians and minors have fully read, understood and agreed to be bound by the revised policy. Any modification of Scallop will put user satisfaction first. Scallop encourages guardians and minors to read Scallop's privacy policy every time they use Scallop services.Scallop may issue service-related announcements when necessary (for example, when Scallop suspends a service due to system maintenance). Guardians and minors may not be able to cancel these service-related announcements that are not promotional in nature. Chapter 8 How to Contact Scallop Scallop has a dedicated personal information protection department and has designated a special person in charge of the protection of minors' personal information, and will strictly protect minors' personal information in accordance with this policy. If guardians and minors have complaints and reports about network information security, or have any questions, comments or suggestions about this policy, Scallop's rules and measures for the protection of minors' personal information, please feel free to contact Scallop. The contact information is as follows: Company name: Nanjing Beiwan Information Technology Co., Ltd. Email for complaints and reports of personal information leakage: support@shanbay.com Email for reports of bad information involving minors: jubao@shanbay.com Address: 3rd-4th Floor, Building 29, Jiangsu Software Park, No. 699-22, Xuanwu Avenue, Xuanwu District, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province Chapter 9 Others 9.1 For any disputes arising from this policy and Scallop's handling of minors' personal information, the guardian may sue the People's Court with jurisdiction. 9.2 If the guardian believes that Scallop’s processing of minors’ personal information has harmed the legal rights and interests of minors, they may also report it to the relevant government departments.This "Children's Privacy Policy" shall be deemed to be effective when Scallop publishes this "Children's Privacy Policy" or provides products or services to minors. This "Children's Privacy Policy" shall be invalid when Scallop ceases operations or permanently stops providing products or services. Updated: August 20, 2021 Nanjing Beiwan Information Technology Co., Ltd.