Weibo Privacy Policy Updated: [2022] [09] [08] Effective: [2022] [09] [09] Beijing Weibo Times Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliates (hereinafter referred to as "Weibo") are an enterprise-level interactive video live cloud platform and a one-stop interactive video solution service provider. They are committed to providing customers with digital learning technology and digital marketing cloud solutions through video interactive technology, helping enterprises achieve digital transformation. Weibo legally owns and operates Weibo platforms such as the Weibo official website, APP, and client applications. Weibo is well aware that personal information and privacy are extremely important to you and attaches great importance to and protects your personal information and privacy. To this end, Weibo has formulated the Weibo Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "this Policy") in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Law, the Data Security Law, the Cybersecurity Law and other relevant laws and regulations. This Policy is a legally binding agreement between you and Weibo regarding your downloading, installation, trial, registration, login to the Weibo official website, and/or APP, and/or client applications, and trial, or use of all Weibo products and services.Please read this policy carefully before using Weibo products and services, especially the terms that exempt or reduce Weibo's liability, exclude or limit your rights, applicable law and dispute resolution, and carefully judge the risks and decide whether to accept this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not download, install, try, register, log in, or use Weibo's products and services. If you perform the above operations, it is deemed that you have read and agreed to this policy and are bound by it. This policy will help you understand the following: 1. How Weibo collects and uses your personal information 2. How Weibo shares, transfers and publicly discloses your personal information 3. How Weibo stores your personal information 4. How Weibo protects your personal information 5. How Weibo uses cookies and similar technologies 6. How Weibo handles the personal information of minors 7. Your rights and the basic principles for Weibo to handle personal information 8. How to review and revise this policy 9. Notice delivery and push 10. Applicable law and dispute resolution, infringement complaints and reporting channels 1. How Weibo collects and uses your personal information In order to better provide products and services, ensure the normal operation of the platform, improve and optimize the quality of products and services, Weibo will collect and use your following personal information that you actively provide during the use of Weibo products and services or that is generated due to the needs of products and services for the following purposes as stated in this policy: (1) Trying out Weibo products and servicesWhen you want to try out Weihou's products and services, Weihou will ask you to fill in basic information such as your name, company name, position, and mobile phone number. In order to better serve you and give you corresponding trial guidance, you agree and acknowledge that Weihou customer service has the right to contact you by calling, texting, adding WeChat friends, etc. through the contact information you have reserved. You further agree that in addition to introducing Weihou's products and services to you and guiding you on how to use the functions, Weihou customer service has the right to introduce you to the commercial prices and business strategies of Weihou's products and services. (II) Registering and logging in to a Weihou account When you register an account on Weihou, Weihou will ask you to provide your mobile phone number or email address. Mobile phone numbers, email addresses, etc. are used to receive verification codes when you register, log in, bind your account, and retrieve your password, and are one of the designated contact methods between you and Weihou. You agree that Weihou has the right to call you, send you text messages, send you emails, etc., to make a return visit to your use of Weihou's products and services, to reconcile services, or to introduce you to the latest features of Weihou's products, or to recommend product business strategies to you. Collecting mobile phone numbers is also necessary information to fulfill the national requirements for the Internet real-name system. If you refuse to provide your mobile phone number for registration and login, Weibo may not be able to provide you with more complete products and services.If you choose to register or log in to Weibo through a third-party authorization method, such as: you can log in to Weibo through WeChat scanning QR code or QQ account. Weibo may obtain your account information (including WeChat nickname and avatar; QQ nickname, avatar, gender) from WeChat, QQ and other programs according to your authorization, and bind it with your Weibo account, so that you can directly log in through WeChat or QQ account, use Weibo's products and services or third-party products and/or services provided by Weibo. Weibo will use your personal information within the scope of your authorization. (IV) Collection of information for activation of live broadcast function If you want to activate the live broadcast function, Weibo may require you to complete identity authentication in accordance with relevant national regulations. For individuals, you may need to provide contact name, mobile phone number and other relevant information and information; if it is an enterprise, you may need to provide contact name, mobile phone number, email address, QQ number, office phone number, WeChat account, company name, website, industry, business scope and other relevant information and information. This information is collected to meet the national requirements for real-name authentication. If you do not provide such information, you may not be able to use Weibo's related products and services normally. (V) Authorization of permissions related to live events When you shoot or publish audio, video, pictures, or broadcast live events, Weibo will request you to authorize camera, photo album, and microphone permissions based on the type of function you use. If you refuse authorization, you will not be able to use the shooting, publishing, or live broadcast functions, but it will not affect your use of other basic functions of Weibo.(VI) Backstage management of Weibo account When you obtain a Weibo account, you can manage your account through the backstage. For example, submit a homepage avatar, set a nickname, leave a contact name, phone number, mobile phone number, bind WeChat account and QQ number, fill in the industry and other information. If you do not reserve the above information, it will not affect your continued use of the basic functions of Weibo products and services. (VII) Management of live video, audio, pictures, text, etc. When you use the Weibo live broadcast service, the video, audio, picture, text and other information you upload will be stored in the Weibo server, because storage is necessary to achieve this function. You can delete this information at any time, unless you choose it yourself or comply with relevant laws and regulations. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in the "Weihou User Service Agreement" or this policy, Weibo will not provide it to others or use it for other purposes. Please note that the information you publicly release may involve your or others' personal information or even personal sensitive information, so please consider using this function carefully. If you insist on uploading and publicly releasing the above information, you will bear the relevant legal consequences and responsibilities. (VIII) Live viewing restrictions Kindly remind you that some live broadcast content providers set audience restrictions for live broadcast services. If you want to watch the live broadcast of the relevant session, you need to fill out the registration form, which requires you to provide your name, gender, mobile phone number, email address, region, company, position and other information. The above information is collected for the purpose of reviewing your conditions. Only after passing the review will you be eligible to watch the live broadcast of the session.(IX) Lucky Draws Some live content providers of live events have set up lucky draws. If you want to participate in the lucky draw, you need to provide information related to the prize collection, such as your name, mobile phone number, address, etc. Filling in this information is to ensure the delivery of relevant prizes if you win. If you do not want to participate in the lucky draw, you do not need to fill in the information related to the prize collection, and it will not affect your viewing of the live broadcast. (X) Questionnaires Some live events have set up questionnaires. Questionnaires allow you to conduct surveys on live events, related products and services, etc. In the questionnaire, you need to fill in your name, gender, mobile phone number, email address, region, company, position, birthday, industry, etc. If you do not want to participate in the survey, you do not need to fill in the questionnaire, and it will not affect your viewing of the live event. (XI) Equipment and network related informationTo ensure that you can use Weibo's services normally, Weibo will collect your device name (including aliases), device model, operating system, WIFI information, network information, graphics card model, CPU model, CPU usage, device power, device manufacturer, network status, camera and microphone device information, IP address, base station information, MAC address, device software version information, device identification code, device identification code, device identifier, information location, network usage habits, operation records and other log information related to Weibo services. This type of information is the basic information that must be collected to provide services. If you do not agree to Weibo recording the above information, risk control verification may not be completed. Please note that separate device information and log information are information that cannot identify a specific natural person. If Weibo combines this type of non-personal information with other information to identify a specific natural person, or uses it in combination with personal information, during the period of combined use, this type of non-personal information will be regarded as personal information. Unless otherwise authorized by you or provided by laws and regulations, Weibo will anonymize and de-identify this type of personal information. (XII) Records of communication information When you contact Weibo or Weibo contacts you, Weibo may save your communication/call records and content or the contact information you leave in order to contact you or help you solve problems, or record the solutions and results of related problems. In addition, the following information may be collected or authorized by you:Apply to enable phone permissions and obtain phone status to facilitate one-click dialing of customer service; Apply to enable camera permissions to take photos of documents, seals, etc.; Apply to enable address book permissions to obtain contact information to facilitate inviting others to participate in live events; Apply to enable location permissions to obtain location information to facilitate obtaining more accurate data and provide basic anti-cheating capabilities. (XIII) Behavioral information during the use of Weihou products When you use Weihou products and services, Weihou may record your clicks, browsing, sharing, following, likes, comments, etc., as well as interactions and chats when watching live broadcasts in the live broadcast room. The storage of such information is similar to log records, which is only a record of behavior. Weihou will not use it for data analysis at present. When you watch live broadcasts in the live broadcast room, the organizer of the live broadcast event or a third party may publish mini-programs, mini-games, shopping links, advertising pictures, etc. The organizer of the live broadcast event or a third party may process the information required to achieve functions and purposes. You should carefully decide whether to use the relevant functions and provide personal information. Unless otherwise stated, Weihou does not directly process your such personal information. (XIV) Other Information Based on the ever-changing laws, regulations and regulatory requirements, as well as the continuous optimization and upgrading of Weibo products and services, Weibo may change the categories and scope of information collected, including increasing or reducing information collection. Weibo will adjust this policy at that time. Please pay attention to the adjustments to this policy regarding the relevant content of personal information processing.The above are the main categories of information collected by Weibo. In order to facilitate your further understanding, Weibo divides the above personal information into two categories: (I) Information required for the core business functions of Weibo products and services. This type of information is necessary for the normal operation of products and services, and you must authorize Weibo to collect and use it. If you refuse, you will not be able to use Weibo's products/services normally. (II) Information that may need to be collected for products and services other than core business functions. You can choose whether to authorize Weibo to collect it. If you refuse to provide it, some functions will not be realized or will not achieve the expected results, but it will not affect your normal use of core business functions. II. How Weibo shares, transfers and publicly discloses your personal information (I) Sharing Weibo will not share your personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Weibo, except in the following circumstances: 1. Sharing with explicit consent. After obtaining your explicit consent, Weibo will share your personal information with other parties. 2. Sharing under legal circumstances. Weibo may share your personal information externally in accordance with laws and regulations, or in accordance with the mandatory requirements of administrative and judicial authorities in accordance with the law.3. Share with authorized partners. For the sole purpose of achieving the purposes stated in this policy, some of Weibo’s services will be provided jointly by Weibo and its partners. Weibo will only share your personal information for legitimate, proper, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary to provide services. Weibo’s partners have no right to use the shared personal information for other purposes unrelated to products or services. For example, if you use WeChat Pay (Tenpay Payment Technology Co., Ltd.) to purchase products and services from Weibo, WeChat Pay may collect your personal information. For the processing of relevant personal information, please refer to the privacy policy of WeChat Pay (https://www.tenpay.com/v3/helpcenter/low/privacy.shtml). If you use Alipay (Alipay (China) Network Technology Co., Ltd.) to purchase products and services from Weibo, Alipay may collect your personal information. For the processing of relevant personal information, please refer to the privacy policy of Alipay: https://render.alipay.com/p/yuyan/180020010001196791/preview.html?agreementId=AG00000132.4. Sharing with third parties through SDK or third-party APP. Some products or services may be provided by a third party or jointly by Weibo and a third party. Therefore, only by sharing your information can we provide the products or services you need. These products and service functions are provided to you in the form of embedded plug-ins (such as SDK, third-party APP, etc.). In this process, third-party service providers may collect, use and store your relevant data or information. Details of personal information collected by third-party SDK/APP are as follows: SDK/APP Tencent BuglySDK Name of third party Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co., Ltd. Type of information obtained Log information (software version, user ID, user-triggered events, system error information, timestamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, Open Independent Device Identifier (Open UDID), iOS Advertising Identifier (IDFA), Network Card (MAC) address, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), device model, terminal manufacturer, terminal device operating system version, session start/stop time, language location, time zone and network status) Purpose of use Capture app crash information Necessity Facilitate troubleshooting and solving problems, improve app performance and stability, thereby ensuring your safety and enjoying better services Processing method De-identification, encrypted transmission and other secure processing methods Third-party privacy policyhttps://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/fc748b3d96224fdb825ea79e132c1a56 SDK/APP Umeng+SDK Third-party name Umeng Tongxin (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd. Type of information obtained Unique device identification code, device Mac address, user location information and IP address Purpose of use Perform data statistics such as new users Necessity Provide statistical analysis services Processing method Facilitate the troubleshooting and resolution of problems, improve app performance and stability, thereby ensuring your safety and enjoying better services Third-party privacy policy https://developer.umeng.com/docs/147377/detail/209997 SDK/APP Faceunity SDK Third-party name Hangzhou Faceunity Technology Co., Ltd. Type of information obtained Image and video data, device model, APP package name, IP address Purpose of use Beautify the portrait input by the user Necessity User required function Processing method Modify the image pixels Third-party privacy policy https://www.faceunity.com/policy.html SDK/APP Tencent Youtu SDK Third-party name Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. Type of information obtained Image and video data, program process name Purpose of usePerform background segmentation on the user input image Necessity User required function Processing method Modify image pixels Third-party privacy policy https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1208/73142 SDK/APP Tencent Speech Recognition SDK Third-party name Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. Type of information obtained Daily audio data Purpose of use Speech to text Necessity User required function Processing method Generate content text based on voice information Third-party privacy policy https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/1093/73072 SDK/APP AZURE Speech Service SDK Third-party name Microsoft (China) Co., Ltd. Type of information obtained Audio data Purpose of use Speech to text Necessity User required function Processing method Generate content text based on voice information Third-party privacy policy https://privacy.microsoft.com/zh-CN/privacystatementWeibo strictly requires third-party service providers to comply with relevant laws and regulations when obtaining any of your data, take necessary data protection measures (such as anonymizing and de-identifying such personal information), and use your relevant data reasonably only for the purpose of products or services, provide you with ways to modify or delete your own data, and do our utmost to protect your data and privacy from infringement. You should fully understand the terms and policies of third-party products or services before accepting or using third-party products or services. If you find that a third-party service provider has any illegal or irregular behavior, you can complain to Weibo, and Weibo will handle it after verification. 5. For live broadcasts where some live content providers have set audience restrictions, if you fill out the registration form. Weibo may share the information in the registration form with the live content provider, who will review whether to allow you to watch the live broadcast. You can terminate the provision of relevant information by not filling out the registration form and not participating in the live broadcast.When live broadcast activities are promoting or drawing prizes, if you participate in the promotion or draw and fill in the information related to the prize collection, Weibo may share your personal information with the live broadcast content provider, the organizer of the draw, the sponsor, etc. After you participate in the promotion or win the prize, the party can provide you with goods, services or prizes through the information you reserved. You can terminate the provision of relevant information by not filling in the relevant information and not participating in the event. Weibo may share the content of the questionnaire survey during the live broadcast with the live broadcast content provider, who will further analyze you to decide whether it is necessary to further introduce the relevant products and services of the live broadcast content provider to you. You can refuse the provision of relevant information by not filling in the questionnaire. Based on the information shared in the above circumstances, Weibo or the live broadcast content provider may call you, send text messages, send emails, etc. to track your satisfaction with the live broadcast event, your evaluation of the products or services involved in the live broadcast, and recommend related products or services to you. If you feel uncomfortable with this, you can explicitly refuse, and Weibo or the live broadcast content provider will suspend the relevant behavior.In order to provide you with better products and services, or to prevent Internet crimes, Weibo's affiliates, partners, etc. will share your personal information with Weibo in accordance with relevant laws and regulations or with your consent. Weibo may obtain the account information (avatar, nickname) that you authorize to share from a third party, and bind your third-party account to your account after you agree to this policy, so that you can directly log in and use Weibo's products or services through the third-party account. Weibo will reasonably use your personal information in accordance with the agreement with the third party and in compliance with relevant laws and regulations. (II) Transfer Weibo will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances: 1. Transfer with explicit consent. After obtaining your explicit consent, Weibo will transfer your personal information to other parties; 2. In the event of a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation of Weibo, or other circumstances involving mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcy liquidation, if personal information transfer is involved, Weibo will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy, otherwise Weibo will require the company, organization or individual to re-ask your authorization and consent. (III) Public Disclosure Weibo will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances: 1. With your explicit consent or based on your active choice, Weibo may publicly disclose your personal information;2. When required by law, legal process, litigation or government authorities, Weibo will publicly disclose your personal information. If a law enforcement agency makes a disclosure request, Weibo will promptly notify you, unless the law enforcement agency has otherwise prohibited notification. (IV) Exceptions to prior authorization and consent In any of the following circumstances, Weibo does not need to obtain your prior authorization and consent to share, transfer or publicly disclose your personal information: 1. Related to national security and national defense security; 2. Related to public safety, public health and major public interests; 3. Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments; 4. Personal information that you have disclosed to the public on your own; 5. Personal information collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports and government information disclosure channels. According to legal provisions, sharing and transferring personal information that has been de-identified and ensuring that the data recipient cannot restore and re-identify the subject of the personal information does not constitute external sharing, transfer or public disclosure of personal information, and the processing of such data will not require separate notification to you and your consent. III. How does Weibo store your personal information? (I) Storage location Weibo will strictly follow the provisions of laws and regulations to store your personal information collected and generated during operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China. Weibo will not transfer the above information outside the country, except in the following circumstances: 1. Applicable laws have clear provisions;2. Obtain your explicit authorization and consent, and conduct security assessments in accordance with the methods formulated by the national cyberspace administration together with relevant departments of the State Council. (II) Storage period Weibo will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to provide you with products or services. For example: mobile phone number. After you register and log in with your mobile phone number, Weibo needs to continue to retain your mobile phone number in order to provide you with normal services, respond to your possible inquiries and customer service complaints, and ensure the security of your account and system. Weibo has the right but no obligation to retain the content and related information you post to provide you with continuous business functions until you withdraw, delete or cancel your account. If you cancel your account, actively delete personal information, or the information exceeds the necessary storage period, Weibo has the right to delete or anonymize your personal information. Weibo may change the storage period of personal information in any of the following circumstances: 1. To comply with applicable laws, regulations and other relevant provisions; 2. To comply with court judgments, rulings or other legal procedures; 3. To comply with the requirements of relevant government agencies or legally authorized organizations; 4. To implement relevant agreements or this policy, safeguard the public interest, and protect the personal and property safety or other legitimate rights and interests of you, Weibo or its affiliates, other users or employees.You should download and save the live broadcast content and related information you posted. Based on storage space, cost considerations and other reasons, Weibo has the right to delete the aforementioned content and related information at any time. IV. How Weibo protects your personal information So far, Weibo has passed the evaluation and filing of the National Information Security Level Protection (Level 3), and has passed the ISO9001, ISO27001, ISO27701, and ISO20000 certifications of the International Organization for Standardization. Among them, ISO27001 Information Security Certification and ISO27701 Privacy Information Management Certification are important certifications for personal information and privacy protection. Weibo attaches great importance to the security of your personal information and will strive to take reasonable security measures to protect your personal information, ensure that personal information processing activities comply with the requirements of laws, administrative regulations or other systems applicable in accordance with the law, and prevent unauthorized access and personal information leakage, tampering, and loss. Weibo will use encryption, de-identification technology, anonymization processing and related reasonable and feasible means that are not lower than the usual level of the industry to protect your personal information, and use security protection mechanisms to prevent your personal information from malicious attacks. Weibo will establish a special security department, security management system, and data security process to ensure the security of your personal information. Weibo adopts a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized personnel can access your personal information. Weibo will regularly provide security education and training to personnel and conduct security audits of data and technology in a timely manner.Weibo will formulate and organize the implementation of emergency plans for personal information security incidents, and immediately activate emergency plans when personal information security incidents occur, strive to control the impact of these security incidents, and prevent the expansion of adverse consequences. Once a personal information security incident (leakage, tampering, loss) occurs or is likely to occur, Weibo will promptly inform you of the following in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the type of personal information that has or is likely to be leaked, tampered with, lost, the cause and possible harm, the remedial measures Weibo has taken, the measures you can take to mitigate the harm, and the way to contact Weibo. If Weibo's physical, technical, or management protection facilities are damaged and an information security incident unfortunately occurs, Weibo will promptly inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident by push notification, email, SMS and related forms. If it is difficult to inform you one by one, Weibo will take reasonable and effective means to issue an announcement. At the same time, Weibo will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of relevant regulatory authorities. Although the above reasonable and effective measures have been taken and the standards required by relevant laws and regulations have been complied with, please understand that due to technical limitations and various possible malicious means, in the Internet industry, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% security of information. Weibo will do its best to ensure the security of the personal information you provide to Weibo.You know and understand that the system and communication network you use to access Weibo's services may have problems and obstacles due to other factors beyond Weibo's control. Therefore, Weibo strongly recommends that you take effective and active measures to protect the security of your personal information, including but not limited to using complex passwords (combined passwords), changing passwords regularly, and not disclosing your account password and related personal information to others. Once you leave Weibo and browse or use other products or services provided by a third party, Weibo will have no ability and direct obligation to protect any personal information you submit to a third party, regardless of whether your login, browsing or use of the above products or services is based on the links or guidance presented in the products and services provided by Weibo. Weibo hereby reminds you to pay attention to carefully evaluate third-party products or services to prevent your personal information or privacy from being illegally obtained or leaked. V. How Weibo uses cookies and similar technologies Cookies and similar technologies such as device information identifiers are commonly used technologies on the Internet. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. To ensure the normal operation of the website and to provide you with an easier access experience, when you use Weibo and related services, Weibo may use related technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device to collect and identify information when you visit and use Weibo products and services. Weibo promises that it will not send cookies toFor any other purpose other than the purposes described in this policy. Weibo uses cookies and similar technologies mainly to achieve the following functions or services: 1. Weibo may set authentication and security cookies or anonymous identifiers to enable Weibo to confirm whether you have logged into the service safely, or whether you have encountered theft, fraud and other illegal activities. These technologies will also help Weibo improve service efficiency and increase your login and response speed; 2. Using such technologies can help you save the steps and processes of repeatedly filling in personal information and entering search content (including but not limited to recording searches, filling out forms, etc.); 3. Weibo may use such technologies to understand your preferences and usage habits, conduct data analysis, improve product services, recommend information or functions that interest you, and optimize your choice of advertisements or content; 4. On Weibo's sharing page, Weibo may use cookies to record browsing activities for the purpose of recommending information to you and troubleshooting related abnormalities such as crashes and delays, as well as exploring better service methods. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. For more information, see AboutCookies.org. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have settings to block cookiesfunction. However, if you do this, you will need to change your user settings every time you visit Weibo's website. For more information on how to change browser settings, please visit the relevant settings page of the browser you are using. VI. How Weibo handles personal information of minors Weibo attaches great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. According to relevant laws and regulations, if you are a minor under the age of 18, before trying or using Weibo's products and services, you should read this policy carefully with your parents or other guardians, and only use Weibo's products or services under the guidance of your parents or other guardians after obtaining the consent of your parents or other guardians. According to the provisions of relevant national laws and regulations on the protection of minors' personal information, Weibo will only collect, use, share or disclose minors' personal information when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of parents or other guardians, or when it is necessary to protect minors. If it is found that the personal information of minors has been collected without the prior verifiable consent of parents or other guardians, Weibo will try to delete the relevant information as soon as possible. If you believe that Weibo may be improperly holding information of minors, please contact Weibo using the public contact information listed in this policy. VII. Your rights and the basic principles of Weibo’s processing of personal information (I) Your rights 1. Access, modify and delete informationYou can access, modify and delete the registration information and other personal information you provide during the use of Weibo services. The scope and method of your access, modification and deletion of personal information will depend on the specific services you use. If you find that Weibo has violated the provisions of laws, administrative regulations or the agreement between the two parties in collecting and using your personal information, you can request Weibo to delete it. If you find that there are errors in your personal information collected and stored by Weibo, you can also request Weibo to correct it. You should be cautious in deleting, changing and other processing operations of personal information and data, and bear all consequences arising from such operations. 2. Cancellation of account You can contact Weibo in accordance with the public contact information listed in this policy to assist you in canceling your account. After you actively cancel your account, Weibo will stop providing you with all products and services associated with your account, and has the right to delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations. You should back up the relevant personal information and data described in this policy according to your own needs. Weibo does not provide backup services for the time being. If you stop using Weibo's products and services or Weibo terminates your service to you, Weibo has the right to permanently delete your information and data from the server. After the service is stopped, terminated or cancelled, Weibo has no obligation to return any information and data to you. 3. Change the scope of your authorizationSome of Weibo's related products and services may require matching personal information. You can give or withdraw authorization by changing the settings of smart mobile devices such as mobile phones and tablets by yourself. After you withdraw the relevant authorization, Weibo will no longer process the corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw consent will not affect the personal information processing previously carried out based on your authorization. 4. Restrictions on corresponding requests When you access, modify or delete relevant information or accounts, Weibo may require you to authenticate your identity to ensure the security of your account. Please understand that due to technical limitations, legal or regulatory requirements, Weibo may not be able to meet all your requirements. Weibo will respond to your request within a reasonable period of time. According to relevant laws, regulations and national standards, Weibo may not be able to respond to your request when the following circumstances occur: 1. Directly related to national security and national defense security; 2. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests; 3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments; 4. There is sufficient evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights; 5. Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of other individuals and organizations; 6. Involving commercial secrets. (II) Basic principles for processing personal informationIn order to provide you with services, ensure the normal operation of services, improve and optimize the products and services of Weibo, Weibo will process your personal information in accordance with the principles of consistency of rights and responsibilities, clear purpose, choice and consent, minimum necessity, security, subject participation, openness and transparency. Weibo collects and uses your personal information in two types: 1. Information necessary for the core business functions of Weibo's products and services. Such information is necessary for the normal operation of products and services. You must authorize Weibo to collect and use it. If you refuse, you will not be able to use Weibo's products and services normally. 2. Information that may need to be collected for non-core business functions. You can choose whether to authorize Weibo to collect it. If you refuse to provide it, some functions will not be realized or the effects that Weibo's products and services are intended to achieve will not be achieved, but it will not affect your normal use of core business functions. 8. How to review this policy and revisions to this policy When you apply for a trial of Weibo's products and services, or when you register a Weibo account, or when you log in to your Weibo account, the "Weibo User Service Agreement", "Weibo Privacy Policy" and other agreements will be clearly displayed to you. You should carefully read and agree to this policy before you can try or further use Weibo's products and services.In order to provide you with better services, Weihou's products and services will be updated and changed from time to time. At the same time, according to the provisions of relevant national laws and regulations, Weihou will revise this policy in a timely manner. After the revision of this policy, Weihou will issue an updated version. When you apply to use, register or log in to a Weihou account, you should read it carefully and make a prudent decision whether to agree. Weihou may also help you better manage your personal information through functional updates. Please pay attention to the relevant functional descriptions. You have the right to refuse to agree to the revised policy, but please be aware that once you refuse to agree to the revised policy, you may not be able to continue to fully use the relevant product and service functions of Weihou, or fail to achieve the intended effects of the relevant products and services. IX. Notice delivery and push Based on this policy, Weihou may send and deliver relevant notices, notifications, letters, etc. to you through any of the methods such as web page announcements, site messages, public account notifications, emails you have reserved, mobile phone text messages, telephone calls, and letter delivery. Such notices will be deemed to have been delivered on the date of sending. Please ensure that the mobile phone number, email, receiving address, etc. you have reserved are accurate. If there is any change, please modify it in time. If you do not provide a new contact method after the change or the contact method you reserved is inaccurate, Weibo will use any of the existing contact methods to deliver relevant notices, notifications, letters, etc. to you, which will be deemed as effective delivery, and you will bear the legal consequences and losses arising therefrom.You agree that Weihou has the right to call you, send text messages, send emails, etc. through the phone number, email, etc. you have reserved to introduce and promote products or services related to Weihou, or information unrelated to Weihou, such as third-party activity information, transaction information, commercial advertisements, etc. If you feel uncomfortable with the relevant push, you can directly refuse, and Weihou will suspend the relevant behavior. 10. Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution, Infringement Complaints and Reporting Channels This policy is governed by Chinese law and interpreted in accordance with Chinese law (for the purpose of this policy, China only refers to mainland China, excluding Hong Kong, China, Macao, China and Taiwan, China). If any provision of this policy is invalid due to conflict with the then effective Chinese laws, it will not affect the validity of other parts. In order to protect your legal rights and interests, if a third party complains or reports against you, Weihou has the right to disclose your relevant materials and information (such as your subject information or your explanation and evidence of the complaint, etc.) to the complaining party. If you complain about a third party, Weihou has the right to disclose your subject information and complaint materials and information to the complained party. Weibo has the right to organize mediation or require the parties to negotiate (such as establishing email groups, WeChat groups, enterprise WeChat groups, initiating group calls, voice calls, etc.). If the negotiation or mediation fails, Weibo has the right to make a ruling in accordance with Weibo rules. All parties agree to resolve any disputes arising from the terms of this policy and the implementation process through friendly negotiation. If the negotiation fails, the parties agree to submit the case to the Beijing Chaoyang District People's Court for resolution through litigation.If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this policy, especially those regarding the protection of personal information, you may contact Vhall in the following ways: 1. Telephone: 400-888-9970 2. Email: audit@vhall.com 3. Mailing address: Legal and Compliance Department, Finance and Law Center, 8th Floor, Building B, Phase 3, Dongyi Cultural Industry Park, Chaoyang District, Beijing (received) Vhall will review your questions or suggestions as soon as possible and respond within fifteen working days after verifying your user identity.