Comprehensive security measures to protect your information assets. Data security is controllable, operations can be traced, and information security is fully guaranteed. TAPD Security White Paper Multiple security protections ISO authoritative system certification Strict data security management Security White Paper TAPD Security Strategy As an enterprise-level SaaS service provider, TAPD has made providing safe and reliable services its top priority since its inception. With data as the core, legal compliance as the cornerstone, cloud security capabilities as the wall, and multiple security assurance capabilities as the moat, TAPD has created a complete cloud service security system and regards it as one of its important development strategies. Multiple security protections to create an iron wall Service data Service data security Enterprise data uses an independent database, independent storage, independent computing unit, and millisecond-level off-site data backup to ensure the stability and continuity of enterprise services. Network transmission Network transmission security Enterprise data is transmitted using the HTTPS/SSL protocol throughout the process, using encryption and decryption technology solutions, and strictly implementing corresponding management and control measures to ensure end-to-end network transmission security. Application/Business Application and Business Security Provides perceptible user-level security features, monitors high-risk sensitive operations, and ensures the security of corporate assets with strict access control and the company's unique security IP. Infrastructure Infrastructure SecurityAdopt cloud server virtual technology protection, provide higher availability and disaster resistance than ordinary servers, with sufficient disaster recovery measures, to provide enterprises with safe, highly available, and highly reliable basic services. ISO authoritative certification, five-star data security TAPD has passed ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certification. As the most authoritative, strict, widely accepted and applied information security standard in the world, the certification indicates that TAPD's security system and information security management have reached the international advanced level, which can effectively guarantee the confidentiality, integrity and availability of customer data. View more Data security, solve worries Data ownership Data ownership belongs to the user, and TAPD will not provide user data to any third party. As an independent cloud platform, we will do our best to protect the privacy and integrity of customer data. Data encryption transmission Adopt https encrypted transmission and SSL/TLS security protocol to ensure that data access is encrypted. The use of high-risk code functions is restricted at the system level to prevent security vulnerabilities from the source. Data backup/recovery Adopt independent data sub-databases and multi-level encryption for enterprises to ensure that business data is isolated from each other. Off-site backup and distributed storage support fast recovery. Data monitoring monitors high-risk operations, detects anomalies in real time and issues alerts, and takes emergency measures such as forced offline and account lockout to avoid data leakage and tampering. TAPD Security White PaperTAPD is committed to providing customers with stable, reliable, secure and compliant cloud services to help customers protect the availability, confidentiality and integrity of their systems and data. Download the security white paper to fully understand TAPD's security strategy