MasterGo Privacy Agreement Update and Effective Date: August 24, 2023 Beijing Chuangzaomei Technology Co., Ltd. and/or its affiliate Beijing Jinweizhiguang Information Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Chuangzaomei", "we") respect and protect personal information, and will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. When you visit and use MasterGo and other services provided by Chuangzaomei, we will collect, process and disclose your information in accordance with this Privacy Agreement (hereinafter referred to as "this Agreement"). Specific service carriers may include websites, PC software, mobile apps, WeChat public accounts, WeChat applets, etc. We hope to clearly introduce to you through this Agreement how we handle your information to help you understand how to maintain your personal information. Before accepting this Agreement, please read all of it carefully, especially the terms marked in bold. You should read them carefully and start using them after confirming that you fully understand and agree. If you or your guardian disagree with any of the contents of this Privacy Agreement, you should stop using it immediately. If you cannot accurately understand or disagree with any of the terms of this Agreement, please do not access or use MasterGo or any other services provided by Creative Beauty. Your actions such as clicking on the confirmation button on the web page and actually using the MasterGo service or other services provided by Creative Beauty indicate that you have read and fully understood the terms of this Agreement and are bound by it.This Agreement is an integral part of the "MasterGo Service Agreement". If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about the content of this Agreement, you can contact us through the various contact methods provided in this Agreement. This Agreement will help you understand the following: Scope of application of this Agreement How we collect and use your personal information How we use cookies and similar technologies How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information How we protect and preserve your personal information Your rights How we handle the personal information of minors How your personal information is transferred globally How this Agreement is updated How to contact us 1. Scope of application of this Agreement This Agreement applies when you agree to this Agreement and start using any of our products and services, regardless of whether the product and service has a separate privacy agreement, and regardless of whether you are a browsing user (visitor) or a registered login user. Please note that this Agreement does not apply to the following situations: Information collected by third-party services (including any third-party websites) accessed through our products and/or services; Information collected by other companies or organizations that provide advertising services in our products and/or services.Please be aware that if you provide your personal information to a third party when browsing a third party website or using a third party's products and/or services, your information shall be subject to the third party's privacy statement or similar agreement. We do not assume any legal responsibility for any third party's improper use or disclosure of the information provided by you, regardless of whether your login or browsing of the above-mentioned website, software, or use of its products and/or services is based on creating beautiful links or guidance. It is strongly recommended that you first understand and confirm the privacy protection of the service provider before using the above-mentioned third-party services. 2. How we collect and use your personal information 2.1 Circumstances in which we collect your personal information "Personal information" refers to various information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information, including but not limited to personal identification information (such as name), network identification information (such as account name, email address, network IP), and device information (such as Mac address). "Non-personal identification information" refers to any information related to you but that cannot actually identify you directly or indirectly, including personal information provided in an aggregated, anonymous or pseudonymous manner. You acknowledge and agree that information that cannot identify you as an individual is not personal information; and other than the mobile phone number/WeChat ID (if any)/personal email address (if any)/corporate email address, etc. you use when registering or logging in, we will not necessarily collect any other personal information other than the aforementioned.When your organization opens your account in order to allow you to use products and/or services, it will provide certain personal information related to you, including your account name, corporate email address, department organizational structure, and position. You are aware and confirm that the above information submitted to us by your organization is based on your explicit authorization. When we provide products and/or services, we may collect and store the following information related to you. If you do not provide relevant information, you may not be able to register as our user or use and enjoy certain products and services we provide, or you may not be able to achieve the intended effects of the relevant products and/or services. 2.1.1 Helping you become our member 1. When you create a MasterGo account, you must provide us with your member name, set and confirm your login password, and provide your mobile phone number or email account in the People's Republic of China. The mobile phone number or email account you submit is used to receive verification codes when you register, log in, bind your account, and retrieve your password, and as one of the designated contact methods between you and Create Beautiful, to receive relevant business notifications (such as new product launches, service changes, etc.). 2. After you have registered your MasterGo account, you can choose to continue filling in your information in the account, including (1) your other personal information, including your gender and work unit; (2) contact information, including your address and phone number; (3) linking your WeChat. If you do not provide this information, it will not affect your use of MasterGo.Use of general services. The information you provide in category (1) of this article will help us better understand your needs for the services of MasterGo, so that MasterGo can promote and introduce products to you in a targeted manner; the information you provide in category (2) of this article will help us promote and publicize products, mail business notices (including bills) or communicate with you about business in the above manner; the information you provide in category (3) of this article will help us implement the WeChat message reminder function for you. 3. If you only need to use the basic services such as browsing and searching on the MasterGo website, you do not need to register as our member and provide the above information. 2.1.2 Providing services to you 1. MasterGo may require you to provide your real identity information for real-name authentication in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. You should provide the necessary real identity information through your account. To facilitate your provision of such information, MasterGo provides you with real-name authentication based on mobile phone numbers and will collect your mobile phone number. You can choose the appropriate method based on your identity attributes. You understand and agree that Creative Beauty has the right to review, by itself or by entrusting a third party, whether the information you provide during real-name authentication is true, accurate and valid. 2. During your use of the service, we will collect the following information:Device information: We will receive and record information about the device you use (such as device model, operating system version, device settings, unique device identifier and other software and hardware feature information) and device location information (including IP address, GPS location, and sensor information such as Wi-Fi access points, Bluetooth and base stations that can provide relevant information) based on the specific permissions you grant during software installation and use. We may associate the first two types of information so that we can provide you with consistent services on different devices. Log information: When you use the services provided by our website or client, we will automatically collect detailed information about your use of our services and save it as relevant network logs. This includes your search query content, IP address, browser type, telecom operator, language used, access date and time, and records of web pages you visit. Support information of user accounts: Based on the user's consultation records, problem reporting records and troubleshooting processes for user problems (including communication or call records) generated by your use of MasterGo services, Creative Beauty will record and analyze this information in order to respond to your help requests more promptly and to improve services.Recording, video and photo information: refers to the information we collect when you use our specific functions (including voice search, code scanning and photo taking) after obtaining your authorization to access specific permissions. Refusing to provide this information will only make you unable to use the above functions, but will not affect your normal use of other functions of our products and/or services. In addition, you can turn off the relevant functions at any time in [Settings-Permission Management] of your mobile device. Location information: refers to the information about your location that we collect when you turn on the device positioning function and use the related products and/or services we provide based on location, including: your geographic location information collected by us through GPS or WiFi when you use our products and/or services through a mobile device with positioning function. You can stop our collection of your geographic location information at any time by turning off the positioning function, but you may not be able to use the relevant services or functions afterwards, or you may not be able to achieve the intended effect of the relevant services. After turning off the positioning function, you can obtain the corresponding MasterGo service based on geographic location by manually entering your geographic location. Payment-related information: In order to help you successfully complete the subscription, cancellation, payment and refund of Blue Lake paid services, and continue to provide you with customer service, technical support and other services during the subscription period, Create Beautiful will require you to provide complete contact information and payment, refund account and other information.Crash data, performance data and other diagnostic data: In order to ensure the security of the service and help us better understand the operation of Mastergo, we may record relevant information, including the frequency of your use of the application, crash data, overall usage, performance data and other diagnostic data. 3. When we provide services to you, we will collect, use, store, provide externally and protect your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; if we collect your personal information beyond the provisions of this Agreement, we will separately explain to you the scope and purpose of information collection, and collect the information necessary to provide the corresponding services after obtaining your consent; if you choose not to provide the aforementioned information, it will affect your use of the corresponding services. 2.1.3 Permission call In addition, when you use the mobile App, you may need to call some of your device permissions in order to collect the corresponding personal information and provide you with corresponding business functions or services. The following are the business functions corresponding to the permissions called by the iOS system and the Android system, the purpose of calling permissions, and the situations in which you are asked before calling permissions. The display and closing methods of permissions may be different when using different devices such as the Android system. Please contact the device and system developers for details. (1) iOS system permission call Retrieve device permissions Corresponding business functions/services Purpose of calling permissions Whether to ask before enabling permissions Whether the user can turn off permissions Network permissions Connect to the network and download necessary data Connect to the network and download necessary data No Yes Access network statusDetermine the network status and give the user necessary prompts when the network is abnormal Determine the network status and give the user necessary prompts when the network is abnormal No Yes Access WIFI status Determine the network status and give the user necessary prompts when the network is abnormal Determine the network status and give the user necessary prompts when the network is abnormal No Yes Wake up the screen Keep the screen always on Keep the screen always on No Yes Vibrate When the user long presses the screen and a pop-up window appears, give the necessary vibration feedback When the user long presses the screen and a pop-up window appears, give the necessary vibration feedback No Yes (2) Android system permission call Retrieve device permissions Corresponding business functions/services Purpose of calling permissions Whether to ask the user before enabling permissions Whether to close permissions Network permissions Connect to the network and download necessary data Connect to the network and download necessary data No Yes Access network status Determine the network status and give the user necessary prompts when the network is abnormal Determine the network status and give the user necessary prompts when the network is abnormal No Yes Access WIFI status Determine the network status and give the user necessary prompts when the network is abnormal Determine the network status Determine the network status and give the user necessary prompts when the network is abnormal Determine the network status No Yes Wake up the screen Keep the screen always on Keep the screen always on No Yes Vibrate When the user long presses the screen to pop up a window, give the necessary vibration feedback When the user long presses the screen to pop up a window, give the necessary vibration feedback No Yes Access the phone statusGet device identification ID When the user logs out, only the current device is logged out No Yes 2.1.4 Your information shared by other parties 1. When you use the services of our affiliates and partners, they may share your account information with us under your authorization; 2. If you log in and use our services in other ways, we will request your personal information from the third party. We will still ask you to provide the personal information that we need but the third party cannot provide. If you refuse to provide it, you may not be able to use certain functions of our products and/or services normally; if you agree to provide it, you will authorize us to read the relevant information (such as nickname, avatar) registered by you in the third-party account; 3. We will use your personal information obtained from the third party in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations and the agreement with the third party, after confirming the legitimacy of the source of personal information, and in compliance with the relevant laws and regulations. 2.1.5 We hope that the products and/or services provided to you are perfect, so we will continue to improve our products and/or services, including technology. This means that our products and/or services may frequently introduce new features and may require the collection of new information. If there are changes or adjustments to the personal information we collect or the way we use it, we will inform you in an appropriate manner and may ask for your authorization again by revising this Agreement. 2.1.6We store your personal information in the territory of the People's Republic of China in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations. If cross-border storage is required, we will obtain your authorization and consent separately. 2.1.7 You authorize us to use your personal information during the period when you use our products and services. If you cancel your account, we will stop using and delete or anonymize your personal information within a reasonable period of time. However, based on the requirements of relevant laws and regulations (such as the "E-Commerce Law" requires the retention of transaction order information for at least three years) or the objective need to resolve complaints or disputes, some information will continue to be retained for a specific period of time until the legal period expires or the purpose of retaining the information is no longer necessary. In addition, please note that since the anonymized information cannot identify or associate you, it is not personal information. For the storage period and processing of anonymized information, we do not need to obtain your authorization and consent, nor do we need to notify you. 2.2 Circumstances in which we use your personal information 2.2.1 We use the personal information submitted by you or collected by us for the following purposes: 1. In order to provide you with services, we will send you necessary information, notifications or communicate with you about business, including but not limited to verification codes required to ensure the completion of services and push notifications necessary when using services;2. For data analysis in order to provide you with better products and/or services, to further understand how you access and use our products and/or services, and to respond to your personalized needs in a targeted manner, including language settings, location settings, personalized help services and instructions, or other responses to you and other users; 3. In order to maintain and improve services and provide you with information displays that better meet your personalized needs, we use your service usage information to create feature models and user portraits, and display and push information and possible commercial advertisements to you, including but not limited to news about Chuangmei products, marketing activities and discount promotions, promotional information from third parties cooperating with Chuangmei, or other content that may be of interest to you. The above information will be clearly marked with the word "customized". If you do not want to receive commercial electronic information sent by us, you can reply to unsubscribe through the SMS prompt or withdraw your consent according to the unsubscribe method provided in the information; 4. We may design, develop and promote new products and services based on personal information statistics; we will collect statistics on the use of our services and may share these statistics with the public or third parties, but these statistics do not contain any of your personal identification information;To improve the security of your use of the services provided by us and our affiliates and partners, ensure the security of the operating environment and identify abnormal account status, protect the personal and property safety of you or other users or the public from infringement, better prevent phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusions and other security risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or relevant agreements and rules of the creation of beauty; 5. We may use your member information and integrate device information, relevant network logs and information legally shared by our affiliates and partners to determine your account and transaction risks, conduct identity authentication, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis and disposal measures in accordance with the law; 6. Software certification or management software upgrades; 7. Allow you to participate in surveys about our products and services or initiated through our products and services. Whether to participate in the survey will be entirely up to you, and you will choose what information to provide; 8. For security, legal investigation and other purposes, we may use your data for data aggregation, analysis, mining (including commercial use), but this information is anonymous and cannot identify you; 2.2.2 If we exceed the purpose stated when collecting personal information, or use your personal information beyond the scope of direct or reasonable relevance, we will inform you again and obtain your explicit consent; 2.2.3In order to provide you with a better service experience, improve our products and/or services, or for other purposes you agree to, we may, subject to your consent, collect information collected through one of our products and/or services for other products and/or services you use, in aggregating information or in a personalized manner, subject to compliance with relevant laws and regulations. For example, information collected when you use one of our products or services may be used in another product or service you use to provide you with specific content or to show you information that is relevant to you rather than generally pushed. 2.3 Exceptions to prior authorization and consent Please note: In the following circumstances, the collection and use of personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent: Directly related to national security and national defense security; Directly related to public security, public health, and major public interests; Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals’ major legal rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain your consent; The personal information collected is disclosed to the public by you; Personal information is collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels; Necessary to provide you with products or services according to your requirements; Necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as discovering and handling product or service failures; Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations. 3.How do we use cookies and similar technologies? 3.1 To ensure the normal operation of the website, provide you with an easier access experience, and recommend content that may be of interest to you, we will store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. Creation Beauty can only read Cookies provided by Creation Beauty. 3.2 With the help of cookies, data such as your preferences or paid services in the purchase list can be stored. The next time you visit again, we will display the information you need; or Creation Beauty will use cookies files to identify your source website so that Creation Beauty can track the advertising effect of Creation Beauty. 3.3 We will not use cookies for any purpose other than the purposes described in this Agreement. You can manage cookies according to your preferences, or you can clear all cookies saved on your computer. Most web browsers have the function of blocking cookies. But if you do this, you need to change the user settings every time you visit our website. For more information on how to change browser settings, please visit the relevant settings page of the browser you use. 3.4In addition to cookies, we may also use other similar technologies such as web beacons and pixel tags on the website. For example, the email we send to you may contain an address link to the content of our website. If you click on the link, we will track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences so that we can proactively improve our customer service experience. Web beacons are usually transparent images embedded in websites or emails. With the help of pixel tags in emails, we can know whether the email has been opened. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time. However, please be sure to identify the email and the link information in the email. Because existing technology cannot completely block the illegal and illegal means of hackers and other lawbreakers; therefore, before you click on the link, you must carefully check that the sender of the email is for the creation of beauty, not other teams or individuals, and click to read carefully. 4. How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information? 4.1 Sharing and disclosure Generally, we will not share your personal information with other organizations and individuals, except in the following circumstances: 4.1.1 Sharing with explicit consent: With your explicit consent, we may share your personal information with other parties when necessary to provide you with specific services; 4.1.2Sharing with affiliates and authorized partners: We may entrust trusted affiliates or partners to provide services, so we may share some of your personal information with partners to provide better customer service and optimize user experience. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary to provide services. Our affiliates and partners have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose; 4.1.3 Sharing under legal circumstances: We may share your personal information externally in accordance with laws and regulations, litigation, arbitration settlement needs, or administrative and judicial authorities’ requirements in accordance with the law; 4.1.4 Cooperation with third-party software development kit (SDK) service providers: MasterGo mobile products contain SDK plug-ins provided by our authorized partners, and these third-party SDKs may collect or use some of your personal information/device permissions (see the following list for details). We will conduct strict security testing on the relevant SDKs and take technical measures to ensure that they process personal information in accordance with this policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. We will promptly inform you of the latest situation of third-party SDKs that collect user information on this page. The data processing type of a third-party SDK may change due to version upgrades, policy adjustments, etc. You can check it on the official page of the third-party SDK.Usage scenario SDK provider name Information type collected Device permissions called SDK provider privacy policy link WeChat login WeChat login Tencent User WeChat login information None Link 1 Link 2 Sensors Log records Sensors user information, user operation information, device information None Link 1 Link 2 Sentry log records Sentry page error log None Link 1 4.1.5 Other circumstances specified by laws and regulations. 4.2 We will follow the following principles to share your personal information 4.2.1 Authorization and consent principle: We will not share your personal information without your consent, unless the shared personal information is de-identified information and the third party sharing it cannot re-identify the natural person subject of such information. If the purpose of the third party's use of information exceeds the scope of the original authorization and consent, they need to obtain your consent again. 4.2.2 Legality and minimum necessary principle: The shared data must have a legal and legitimate purpose, and the shared data must be limited to what is necessary to achieve the purpose. 4.2.3 Security and prudence principle: We will carefully evaluate the purpose of third parties using shared information and conduct a comprehensive assessment of the security capabilities of these partners. We will conduct strict security monitoring on the software development kits (SDKs) and application programming interfaces (APIs) used by our partners to obtain information to protect data security. 4.3 Shared information for implementing functions or services 4.3.1If you are an end user of an enterprise/organization user, when the user administrator of your enterprise/organization chooses to activate, manage and use third-party products or services through this software, we may need to share the information necessary for you to activate, manage and use third-party products or services with the third-party service provider, otherwise you will not be able to use the third-party services. When the enterprise/organization user administrator activates and uses third-party services, he/she must read and fully understand and comply with the product functions and privacy protection policies of the third-party services. If you are an individual user and choose to activate, manage and use third-party products or services through this software, you agree that we will share the information necessary for you to activate, manage and use third-party products or services with the third-party service provider, otherwise you will not be able to use the third-party services. When you activate and use third-party services, you must read and fully understand and comply with the product functions and privacy policies of the third-party services; 4.3.2 Login and bind products in this software: With your consent, when you use your MasterGo account to log in to third-party products or services, we will share your basic information (name, avatar) and other information you authorize with the aforementioned products or services. 4.4 Transfer We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances: 4.4.1 Transfer with explicit consent: We will transfer your personal information to other parties with your explicit consent; 4.4.2In the event of a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation between MasterGo and other legal entities, or other circumstances involving mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcy liquidation, if personal information is transferred, we will require the new company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to be bound by this Agreement, otherwise we will require the company, organization and individual to re-ask your authorization and consent. 4.5 Public Disclosure We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances: 4.5.1 With your explicit consent or based on your active choice, we may publicly disclose your personal information; 4.5.2 Or to protect the personal and property safety of the MasterGo platform and its affiliates, users or the public from infringement, we may disclose your personal information in accordance with applicable laws or relevant agreements and rules of the MasterGo platform; 4.5.3 Disclosure based on law: We may publicly disclose your personal information when required by law, legal procedures, litigation or government authorities. 4.6 Information you actively share with others 4.6.1 You can search, report problems, make comments, etc. through our website to help more users enjoy more accurate information. 4.6.2You can use our sharing function to share your personal information with your specific or non-specific social friends (such as WeChat, Weibo). Please fully consider the credibility of the information recipient before sharing, and it is recommended that you check the privacy statement of the social network or third-party service provider you use to understand how they handle your information in order to make prudent decisions. 4.7 Exceptions to prior authorization and consent for sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing personal information In the following circumstances, sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing your personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent: Related to national security and national defense security; Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests; Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals’ major legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person concerned; Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own; Personal information collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels. 5. How we protect and preserve your personal information 5.1Creating Beauty attaches great importance to the security of your information. We strive to take various reasonable physical, electronic and management security measures to protect your personal information. Prevent personal information from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. We will use encryption technology to improve the security of personal information; we will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent personal information from malicious attacks; we will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; and we will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information. 5.2 We will take reasonable and feasible measures to try our best to avoid collecting irrelevant personal information. We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this Agreement, unless permitted by law. After the above-mentioned personal information retention period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information. 5.3 Please understand that due to the technical limitations and rapid development of the Internet industry and the various possible malicious attacks, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee the 100% security of information. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you take active measures to protect the security of your personal information, including but not limited to using complex passwords, changing passwords regularly, and not disclosing your account password and other personal information to others. 5.4In the unfortunate event of a personal information security incident (leakage, loss, etc.), we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to prevent and reduce risks on your own, and remedial measures for you, etc. We will promptly inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident by email, letter, phone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to issue an announcement. At the same time, we will also report the handling of the personal information security incident in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities. 5.5 We remind you that the Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. When you interact with other users about your geographic location or whereabouts through third-party social software, email, text messages, etc. embedded in our website, you are not sure whether the third-party software is completely encrypted for the transmission of information. Please pay attention to ensure the security of your personal information. 5.6 If MasterGo products and services cease to operate, we will take reasonable measures to protect the security of your personal information, including promptly stopping the collection of personal information; notifying users of the cessation of operations by individual delivery or announcement; and deleting or anonymizing the personal information held. 5.7We will store your personal information collected within the territory of the People's Republic of China, specifically in Alibaba Cloud storage servers, and Alibaba Cloud will assist us in providing you with data storage security services. If personal information is transferred overseas for business purposes in accordance with applicable laws, we will obtain your separate consent in advance and inform you of the purpose of the transfer of personal information, the recipient, security measures, security risks, etc. In addition, we will also fulfill the security obligations of cross-border provision of personal information as required by laws and regulations, which may include passing cross-border data security assessments or certifications and signing data processing agreements with overseas recipients. 6. Your rights 6.1 Right of access In principle, you can access your personal information in the following ways: 6.1.1 Account information: You can log in to the website or client of Create Beautiful to query, manage (update, delete) the basic information (basic information) and contact information submitted when using the Create Beautiful service, and perform account association or identity authentication. 6.1.2 Usage Information: You can check usage record information on our website, client and other services. You can also contact us through the methods provided at the end of this Agreement to access this information. Please note that in order to ensure the authenticity of your exercise of rights, we will provide it after verifying your identity, unless otherwise agreed by laws and regulations; 6.1.3Other information: If you encounter operational problems during this access process or need to obtain other personal information that cannot be obtained as mentioned above, you can contact us through the methods provided at the end of this Agreement, and we will provide it after verifying your identity, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. 6.2 Right to Correction 6.2.1 If you need to change the real-name authentication information of your MasterGo account, you need to contact Creative Beauty through customer service, phone, email, etc., and we will assist you in the corresponding operation. 6.2.2 After verifying your identity and provided that the correction does not affect the objectivity and accuracy of the information, you have the right to correct or update the incorrect or incomplete information. You can make corrections on our website or client by yourself, or in certain circumstances, especially when the data is wrong, submit your correction application to us through the contact information provided at the end of this Agreement, and ask us to correct or update your data, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. However, for security and identity recognition reasons, you may not be able to modify certain initial registration information submitted during registration (such as the real-name authentication mobile phone number). 6.3 Right to Deletion According to relevant regulations, you may request us to delete your personal information in the following circumstances: related to national security or national defense security; if we stop providing products or services, or the retention period has expired; if you have withdrawn your consent; if we process your personal information in violation of laws, administrative regulations or agreements;Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations. You know and understand that in order to ensure the security of exercising your personal information rights, you need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We will ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. If we decide to respond to your request for deletion, we will also notify the entity that obtained your personal information from us and require it to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or these entities obtain your independent authorization. When you delete information from our services, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in a reasonable period of time. 6.4 Right to Copy If you need to copy your personal information, you can contact us through the method provided at the end of this Agreement. After verifying your identity, we will provide you with a copy of your personal information in our services (such as basic information, identity information), except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. 6.5 Right to Withdraw Consent 6.5.1 If you want to change the authorization scope of relevant functions (including location, address book, camera), you can modify personal settings through your hardware device, or operate in the relevant function setting interface of our products or services. If you encounter any operational problems during this process, you can contact us through the methods provided at the end of this Agreement.When you withdraw your authorization to collect relevant personal information, we will no longer collect such information and will no longer be able to provide you with the above-mentioned corresponding services; however, you acknowledge and agree that, unless you exercise the aforementioned "right to delete", your behavior will not affect our processing and storage of personal information based on your previous authorization. 6.6 Right to Cancel 6.6.1 You can cancel your account by contacting our customer service or through other methods we publicly announce (except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations). Once you cancel your account, you will not be able to use the services we provide, so please operate with caution. 6.6.2 In order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of you or others, we will determine whether to support your cancellation request based on your use of the products we provide. For example, if your paid service period has not expired, we will not immediately support your request, but will prompt you to make corresponding processing first. 6.6.3 You acknowledge and understand that the act of canceling an account is irreversible. After your account is cancelled, we will stop providing you with products or services, and delete your relevant information or anonymize it, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. 6.7 Advance notification of product and service discontinuationWe are willing to accompany you all the time. If some or all of our products and services are forced to cease operation due to special reasons, we will notify you 15 days in advance on the homepage of the product or service or in-site message or send you an email or other appropriate way to reach you, and will stop collecting your personal information. At the same time, we will delete or anonymize your personal information in accordance with the law, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations. 6.8 Request an explanation of the rules for processing personal information In some business functions, we may make certain business decisions based on automated decision-making mechanisms including information systems and algorithms, such as showing you personalized recommendations. If you believe that these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to request us to explain the rules for processing your personal information, and we will provide you with sufficient emergency measures accordingly. 6.9 Respond to your above request To ensure security, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. 6.9.1In principle, we do not charge any fees for your reasonable requests, but we will charge a certain cost for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits. We may reject requests that are unnecessarily repeated, require too many technical means (for example, the development of new systems or fundamental changes to current practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are extremely impractical (for example, involving information stored on backup tapes), and explain the reasons for the rejection to you in detail. 6.9.2 However, please note that in the following circumstances, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, we will not be able to respond to your requests for correction, deletion, cancellation of information, etc.: Directly related to national security and national defense security; Directly related to public security, public health, and major public interests; Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; There is sufficient evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights; Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations; Involving trade secrets. 7. How we handle personal information of minors 7.1 We mainly provide products and services to adults. Without the consent of their parents or guardians, minors may not create their own user accounts. If you are a minor under the age of 14, we require you to ask your parents or guardians to read this Agreement carefully and use our services or provide us with information only with the consent of your parents or guardians. 7.2In the case of collecting personal information of minors through the use of our products or services with the consent of their parents or guardians, we will only use, share, transfer or disclose this information when permitted by laws and regulations, with the explicit consent of parents or guardians, or when necessary to protect minors. 7.3 If we find that we have collected personal information of minors without obtaining verifiable parental consent in advance, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible, and we will not be liable for any losses caused to you by such deletion. 7.4 If at any time the guardian has reason to believe that we have collected personal information of minors without the consent of the guardian, please contact us through the contact information specified in Article 10 of this Agreement, and we will take measures to delete the relevant data as soon as possible. 8. How your personal information is transferred globally 8.1 The personal information collected and generated by us in our operations within the People's Republic of China is stored in China, except in the following circumstances: clearly stipulated by laws and regulations; with your explicit authorization; your personal initiative such as cross-border transactions through the Internet. 8.2 In the above situations, we will ensure that your personal information is adequately protected in accordance with this Agreement. 9. How this Agreement is updated 9.1 If the Internet information service provider's peer practices, due to the continuous update of products and services, in order to fully and timely inform you of the personal information processing rules, our privacy agreement may be changed. 9.2Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce your rights under this Agreement. We will publish any changes to the Privacy Agreement on a dedicated page. 9.3 For major changes, we will also provide more prominent notices (including for certain services, we will notify you through website announcements or even provide you with pop-up prompts to explain the specific changes to the Privacy Agreement), and will give you a reasonable period of time before the changes take effect for you to consider whether to accept the changes. If you continue to use our products and services after the new version of the Privacy Agreement and User Agreement takes effect, it means that you have fully read and are willing to be bound by the updated Privacy Agreement and User Agreement. If you do not agree to such changes, you can stop using our products and services. 9.4 Major changes referred to in this Agreement include but are not limited to: 9.4.1 Major changes in our service model. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way personal information is used, etc.; 9.4.2 We have major changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, etc. Such as changes in owners caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy and mergers and acquisitions, etc.; 9.4.3 The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed; 9.4.4 Your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and the way you exercise them have changed significantly; 9.4.5 When our responsible department for handling personal information security, contact methods and complaint channels have changed; 9.4.6When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates a high risk. 10. How to contact us If you have any questions or opinions about the contents of this Agreement, or if you have any questions or opinions about the practice and operation of this Agreement by Mastergo, please contact us. You can send your questions to team@bd.mastergo.com, or send them to the following address: Privacy Protection Center of Beijing Mastergo Technology Co., Ltd., 4201, Building B, 3rd Tower, Wangjing SOHO, Chaoyang District, Beijing (received), Postal Code: 100123. Generally, we will respond to your request within 15 days. If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing behavior has damaged your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek a solution by filing a lawsuit in the people's court of Mastergo's place of residence or registration.