Website Privacy Policy Special Tips Welcome to use cfp.cn (hereinafter referred to as "CFP", platform). Hanhua Yimei Vision Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we") is well aware of the importance of personal information to you and will do its best to protect your personal information safely and reliably. We process your personal information in accordance with the principles of legality, legitimacy, necessity and good faith, so we formulate this Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "this Policy") so that you can fully understand how we will collect, use, save, share and transfer your personal information when you use CFP, as well as the ways we provide you to access, update, delete and protect your personal information. Before you start using CFP, please be sure to read and understand this policy carefully, especially the terms marked in bold/bold underline, to ensure that you fully understand and agree before starting to use it. We try to explain the professional terms involved in this policy to you in a concise and popular way so that you can understand it. By using CFP services, you agree to this policy. If you or your guardian disagree with any content of this policy, you should stop using it immediately. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about the content of this policy, you can contact us via the email [privacy@cfp.cn]. This policy will help you understand the following: 1. Definition and scope of application 2. How we collect and use your personal information 3. How we use cookies or similar technologies 4. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal informationV. How we protect your personal information VI. How we store your personal information VII. How you manage your personal information VIII. How we handle the personal information of minors IX. How this policy is updated X. How you can contact us Definition and scope of application CFP: refers to the website (www.cfp.cn). We or CFP service provider: refers to Hanhua Yimei Visual Technology Co., Ltd., the Internet information and software technology service provider of CFP. You: refers to any person who accesses or uses CFP services. Personal information: various information related to an identified or identifiable natural person recorded electronically or otherwise, excluding information after anonymization. Sensitive personal information: includes information such as biometrics, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical health, financial accounts, whereabouts, and personal information of minors under the age of fourteen. (We will prominently mark specific personal sensitive information in bold in this policy). Deletion of personal information: refers to the act of removing personal information from the system involved in the realization of daily business functions, so that it remains in an inaccessible and unretrievable state. Minor: refers to a natural person under the age of eighteen. A natural person under the age of eight is a person without civil capacity; a natural person between the ages of eight and eighteen is a person with limited civil capacity. This policy applies to all products and services provided to you by CFP service providers through the CFP website and other new forms that emerge with technological development.In addition to the relevant information collection and use activities described in this policy, our services may contain links to third-party websites. When you operate a link to any other website or location, you will leave our service and go to another site, and another entity may collect personal data or anonymous data from you. We have no control over these external websites or their content and cannot be responsible for them. Please note that after operating the links to these external websites, the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these external websites or content, nor to any collection of your personal data. We prompt you to read the privacy policy of each website you visit. Links to third-party websites or locations are only for your convenience and do not mean that we endorse such third parties or their products, content or websites. How we collect and use your personal information We will follow the principles of legitimacy, legality and necessity to collect and use the personal information you actively provide during the use of CFP or generated by the use of CFP, and obtain your relevant personal information from third parties for the following purposes described in this policy. If we want to use your personal information for other purposes not stated in this policy, or use information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will inform you in a reasonable manner and obtain your consent again before use. (I) Create an account 1. Create a user accountWhen you create a platform account, we will collect your real-name mobile phone number, user name and email address and account password. You know and understand that for some network services, in accordance with the relevant national laws and regulations, we may require you to complete the real-name registration of identity information (including but not limited to completing mobile phone number authentication according to prompts, etc.). 2. Supplement account information After you complete the account registration, in order to help us further understand the subject information and basic situation of the subsequent contract cooperation, you can continue to fill in your information in the basic information column, including personal name, company name, required material type, application scenario, annual usage, purchase budget, material authorization type, etc. If you do not provide this information, it will not affect your use of specific services. 3. Modify account password When you need to modify your account password, you need to enter the new password to complete the reset. (II) Use of services 1. Visit CFP website When you visit or use CFP through Cookies, we also collect basic analytical data. For more information about the Cookies we use and what data they may collect, please see "III. How we use Cookies or similar technologies". 2. Material purchase and payment To process copyrighted materials and other products/services, the platform needs to collect your name, company name, contact number, purchase content and payment information, etc. If you refuse to provide such information, we will not be able to complete the relevant delivery services.If payment settlement is generated during your use of CFP, you can choose the payment service provided by our affiliates or third-party payment institutions that cooperate with us (including Alipay, WeChat, hereinafter referred to as "payment institutions"). The payment function itself does not collect your personal information, but we need to share your order number and transaction amount information with these payment institutions so that they can confirm your payment instructions and complete the payment. (III) Customer Service Function If you provide us with feedback or contact us by email, we may save your contact information (email address, mobile phone number, WeChat account, QQ number or other contact information you use or actively provide), your communication records and content with us, and other necessary information to provide and record customer service for you. In order to answer your inquiries, contact you about your purchase of copyrighted materials and other products/services or your account, send security or support and maintenance suggestions, provide other relevant information or request you to provide information or feedback, we may send you notifications related to your service operations (such as message notifications, identity verification, security verification, user experience surveys, etc.) through the contact information you provide during the use of products and/or services.We may also use your contact information to provide you with commercial information such as services, features or activities that may be of interest to you, in order to directly promote the use of our services. When you receive commercial information from us, you may indicate that you will stop receiving further information from us, and you will have the opportunity to opt out by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the email you receive or by contacting us directly through the contact information specified in this Privacy Policy. (IV) Security In order to improve the security of your use of our products and services, protect the personal and property safety of you or other users from infringement, better prevent security risks such as phishing websites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations, we may collect, use or integrate your account information, transaction information, and device information to comprehensively judge your account and transaction risks, conduct identity authentication, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law. (V) Other situations Information collected through technology. When you browse and interact with our services, we may use automatic data collection technology to collect certain information about your device, browsing habits and behavior patterns, including: 1. Information collected by our serversTo improve the quality of our services, our servers (which may be hosted by a third-party service provider) collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol ("IP") address (automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or date/time stamp of your visit. 2. Log files Like most websites, we automatically collect certain information and store it in log files. This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider ("ISP"), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click, download, and favorite action data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the service, track users' activities around the service, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor the service to user needs. For example, some information may be collected so that when you visit the service, it will identify the user, and that information can then be used to deliver advertisements and other information tailored to your interests. 3. Access to third-party applicationsWhen you use a third-party application in CFP, we may obtain your necessary personal information, such as device information and operation behavior log information, from the developer of such third-party application and its technical service provider for the purpose of providing docking technical support. If it involves your sensitive personal information, we will obtain authorization from you separately. If you refuse us to collect relevant personal information, all or part of the functions of the third-party application may not be realized, but it will not affect your use of other functions of CFP. The developers and technical service providers of such third-party applications may directly collect and use your personal information in accordance with the privacy policy they provide, but we will not obtain such personal information. It is recommended that you read and confirm that you understand such privacy policies before accepting relevant services and providing personal information. (VI) Other rules for collecting and using personal information 1. If the information you provide contains the personal information of other users, you must ensure that you have obtained legal authorization before providing such personal information to CFP. 2. If we use information for other purposes not specified in this policy, or use information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will obtain your consent in advance.3. If we obtain your information indirectly from a third party, we will clearly ask the third party in writing to explain the source of its personal information and whether it has obtained your legal authorization to collect, process and provide us with your personal information before collecting it. Except where expressly permitted by law, we will only collect your personal information from a third party after confirming that the third party has obtained your authorization and consent. If the scope of the third party's authorization does not cover our processing and use purposes, we will process your personal information ourselves or require the third party to obtain your consent. At the same time, our professional security team will strengthen the security of personal information (including reporting of sensitive information, encrypted storage of sensitive information, access control, etc.). We will protect the indirectly obtained personal information with protection means and measures that are no less than those we use for our own users' personal information. 4. Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent According to relevant laws and regulations, we do not need your authorization and consent to collect, use, share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances: (1) related to our performance of obligations prescribed by laws and regulations; (2) directly related to national security and national defense security; (3) directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests; (4) directly related to judicial or administrative law enforcement such as criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; (5) for the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals’ major legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual;(6) Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own; (7) Personal information collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels; (8) Necessary in accordance with the signing and performance of relevant agreements or other written documents with you; (9) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the products and/or services provided, such as discovering and handling product and/or service failures; (10) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations. 5. Anonymous information: If we take technical measures and other necessary measures to process personal information so that the data recipient cannot re-identify a specific individual and cannot restore it, or we may conduct de-identified research, statistical analysis and prediction on the collected information to improve the content and layout of CFP, provide product or service support for business decisions, and improve our products and services (including using anonymous data for machine learning or model algorithm training), then the use of such processed data does not require separate notification to you and your consent. 6. If we cease to operate the CFP platform or service, we will promptly stop collecting your personal information, notify you of the cessation of operation by sending or announcing the cessation of operation, and delete or anonymize the personal information we hold related to the discontinued business. If it involves children's personal information, we will promptly inform the child's guardian of the cessation of operation. How we use cookies or similar technologiesWhen you visit or use the Platform, we will also collect basic analytical data through Cookies. "Cookies" are small pieces of data or text files stored on the local hard drive of your computer or mobile device. These include our own first-party cookies and third-party cookies. Some Cookies are only temporarily stored and destroyed each time you close your web browser. Other Cookies may remain on your browser and may collect and store data for a period of time after you leave the Platform. We will store Cookies, Flash Cookies, or other local storage provided by the browser (or associated application) that usually contains identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters (collectively referred to as "Cookies") on your computer or mobile device. Our Platform uses Cookies to collect usage and performance data, which enables us to ensure the normal operation of the Platform, monitor and improve the performance of the Platform, optimize our services, and provide you with an easier access experience, including but not limited to optimizing page loading or chat functions.If you want to prevent Cookies from tracking your activities on our platform or visits across multiple websites, you can set your browser to block certain Cookies or notify you when Cookies are set. If the browser or browser add-on you use allows it, you can modify the degree of acceptance of Cookies or reject our Cookies. For detailed information on how to customize your browser's Cookie settings, please visit the relevant link for the web browser you are using. However, if you block Cookies, it may affect your secure access to our website in some cases, and you may need to change your user settings every time you visit our website, which may affect your experience. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information (I) Sharing Service Providers. We may share your personal data with service providers to provide you with services. For example: facilitating account establishment, providing technical support, or providing other services to CFP. These providers may access the personal information we collect. We work hard to ensure that these providers only access and use your information when necessary to perform their functions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes. For specific information, please refer to the third-party SDK and the "Third-Party Information Sharing List". 1. Sensors SDK Purpose of use: statistical analysis Scenario of use: user behavior data collection Type of personal information: account information, device information, location informationPersonal information fields: user ID, user name, company name, mobile phone number, registration time, access time, province, city, industry, device type, IP address Third-party company name: Sensors Network Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Privacy policy link: https://manual.sensorsdata.cn/sa/latest/sdk-22255999.html 2. NetEase Qiyu SDK Purpose of use: Respond to user inquiries and improve service satisfaction Usage scenario: Used when users use customer service functions Personal information type: account information, device information, location information Personal information fields: user ID, mobile phone number, device type, IP address, province, city Third-party company name: Hangzhou NetEase Zhiyun Technology Co., Ltd. Privacy policy link: https://qi.163.com/termsService?privacy=1 3. Shumei SDK Purpose of use: Security review of images and texts to ensure compliance of generated content Usage scenario: Review and use when users submit text and image content Personal information type: account information Personal information field: user ID Third-party company name: Shumei Technology (Beijing Shumei Times Technology Co., Ltd.) Privacy Policy link: https://www.ishumei.com/legal/en/privacy.htmlAffiliates. We may share some or all of your personal data with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures or other companies under common control ("Affiliates"), in which case we will require our Affiliates to comply with this Privacy Policy. Corporate reorganization. We may share some or all of your personal data during negotiations of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or part of our business or assets. Personal data may also be transferred as a business asset in the event of bankruptcy or receivership. If another company acquires our company, business or assets, the company will own the personal data we have collected and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal data in this Privacy Policy. (II) Transfer We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances: Your explicit consent. Transfer with explicit consent: We will transfer your personal information to other parties after informing you in advance of the type of personal information to be transferred, the purpose of processing and the method of processing and obtaining your explicit consent; Corporate merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation. In the event of a merger, acquisition, or bankruptcy liquidation of a CFP service provider, or other circumstances involving a merger, acquisition, or bankruptcy liquidation, if personal information is transferred, we will require the new company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to be bound by this Policy. Otherwise, we will require the company, organization, or individual to re-solicit your authorization and consent.(III) Public Disclosure We will only disclose your personal information publicly under the following circumstances: 1. With your explicit consent or based on your active choice, we may disclose your personal information publicly; 2. If we determine that you have violated laws and regulations or seriously violated the relevant agreements and rules of this platform, or to protect the personal and property safety of users of this platform or the public from infringement, we may disclose your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations or with your consent, including relevant violations and measures that CFP has taken against you. (IV) Exceptions to prior authorization and consent when sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing personal information According to relevant laws and regulations, in the following circumstances, sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing your personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent: 1. Related to our performance of obligations prescribed by laws and regulations; 2. Directly related to national security and national defense security; 3. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests; 4. Directly related to judicial or administrative law enforcement such as criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; 5. For the purpose of safeguarding your or other individuals’ major legitimate rights and interests such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person concerned; 6. Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own initiative; 7. Personal information collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels.Please be aware that, in accordance with applicable laws, if we take technical measures and other necessary measures to process personal information so that the data recipient cannot re-identify a specific individual and cannot restore it, the sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of such processed data does not require additional notice to you and your consent. How we protect your personal information (I) Technical data protection measures we take We have taken security protection measures that meet industry standards and are reasonably feasible to protect your information and prevent personal information from being accessed, disclosed, used, modified, damaged or lost without authorization. For example, we will use encryption technology to improve the security of personal information. When exchanging data between your browser and the server, it is encrypted and protected by the SSL protocol. We also provide HTTPS protocol secure browsing for the CFP website; we will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent personal information from being maliciously attacked; we will deploy access control mechanisms and try our best to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information. Data protection. When you enter, submit or access your personal data, we will take various security measures to ensure the security of your personal data. (II) Data protection management organizational measures we takeWe have established an industry-leading data security management system that is data-centric and centered around the data life cycle, and has improved the security of personal information from multiple dimensions, including organizational construction, system design, personnel management, and product technology. We have set up a dedicated department for personal information protection and designated a dedicated person to be responsible for the protection of minors' personal information. We will hold security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information. We will update and disclose security risks, personal information security impact assessment reports and other related content from time to time, which you can obtain through CFP announcements. (III) Response to personal information security incidents If our physical, technical or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering or destruction of information, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will promptly initiate emergency plans and take reasonable relief measures to minimize the impact on your personal information and other rights and interests. If a personal information security incident occurs, we will also inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to prevent and reduce risks on your own, and remedial measures for you, etc. We will inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident by email, letter, phone call, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the personal information subject one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to issue an announcement. At the same time, we will also report the handling of the personal information security incident in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities. (IV)Self-prevention of account security risks We strongly recommend that you do not use communication methods not recommended by CFP to send your information when using CFP services. At the same time, please use complex passwords to help us protect the security of your account. When using CFP services to purchase copyrighted materials and other products/services, you may communicate, exchange information or analyze content with third parties through our services. Please properly protect your personal information and only provide it to others when necessary. If you find that your personal information, especially your account or password, has been leaked, please contact CFP customer service immediately so that we can take corresponding measures based on your application. Please note that the information you voluntarily share or even publicly share when using our services may involve your or others' personal information or even personal sensitive information. Please consider more carefully whether to share or even publicly share relevant information when using our services. How we store your personal information (I) Storage location The personal information we collect and generate in our operations within the People's Republic of China will be stored in China. In the following circumstances, we will provide your personal information to overseas entities after fulfilling the obligations prescribed by law: 1. Applicable laws have clear provisions; 2. Obtain your explicit authorization; 3. You conduct cross-border transactions and other personal proactive behaviors through the Internet. In the above circumstances, we will ensure that your personal information is protected to a degree no less than that specified in this Policy through contracts and other means. (II) Storage periodWe will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes described in this policy, unless there is a mandatory retention requirement by law. We determine the storage period of personal information mainly by referring to the following standards and the longer of them shall prevail: 1. Retain your personal information for the period necessary to provide CFP products/services; 2. Ensure the safety and quality of the services we provide to you; 3. Do you agree to a longer retention period; 4. For financial, auditing, dispute resolution and other purposes, it is necessary to reasonably extend the period (for example: the "E-Commerce Law" stipulates that the storage period of product and service information and transaction information shall be no less than three years from the date of completion of the transaction); 5. Whether there are other special agreements or legal provisions regarding the retention period. If you cancel your account, actively delete your personal information or the information exceeds the necessary retention period, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws. How do you manage your personal information (I) Query, correct and supplement your information You have the right to query, correct or supplement your information. You can do it yourself in the following ways: 1. Log in to CFP, go to the platform homepage, click on personal account settings and query and correct personal information and personal account related information; 2. Log in to CFP and choose to contact customer service for help to assist you in querying, correcting or supplementing your information. (II) Deleting your information You can delete some of your information by the methods listed in "(I) Querying, correcting and supplementing your information".In the following circumstances, you can contact CFP Customer Service to request us to delete your personal information: 1. If our processing of personal information violates laws and regulations; 2. If we collect and use your personal information without your explicit consent; 3. If our processing of personal information seriously violates the agreement with you; 4. If you actively cancel your account. If we decide to respond to your request for deletion, we will also notify the subject that obtained your personal information from us as much as possible and request it to delete it in a timely manner (unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or these subjects have independently obtained your authorization). After you or we assist you in deleting the relevant information, due to applicable laws and security technology restrictions, we may not be able to immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system. We will safely store your personal information and limit any further processing of it until the backup can be cleared or anonymized. Data portability. You can contact us by email at [privacy@cfp.cn] and include "Please send me my personal data" in the content of the email to request a copy of your personal data. We will verify your ability to access the email and then send you a digital export of the data we have associated with your email address. We will review as soon as possible and respond within fifteen working days after verifying your user identity.Data erasure. You can delete your personal data on the account settings page. Alternatively, you can contact us by email at [privacy@cfp.cn] and include "Please delete my personal data" in the content of the email to request that we delete your personal data. We will verify your ability to access the email and then delete the personal data associated with your email address. We will review as soon as possible and respond within fifteen business days after verifying your user identity. (III) Change the scope of your authorization You can change or withdraw the scope of your authorization for us to collect and process your personal information: You can give, modify or withdraw your authorization through account settings or by contacting us by email at [privacy@cfp.cn]. However, please note that for some types of personal information, such as information necessary to implement the basic functions of CFP or information necessary for us to fulfill our obligations under laws and regulations, we may not be able to respond to your request to change the scope of authorization. When you withdraw your authorization, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your authorization will not affect our previous processing of personal information based on your authorization.Data Retention. We may retain your personal information for as long as you continue to use the service, for the period of time necessary to use your account or to achieve the purposes outlined in this policy. You may contact us as described above to request to close your account, and we will delete your personal data upon request. However, for legal, tax or regulatory reasons, or for legitimate and legal business purposes, we may retain personal data for additional time as permitted or required by applicable law. (IV) Cancel your account You can apply to cancel your account in the following ways: Log in to CFP and choose to contact customer service, or send an email to [privacy@cfp.cn] for help to assist you in applying to cancel your account. After you actively cancel your account, we will stop providing you with products or services, and delete your personal information or anonymize it as required by applicable law. (V) Important Restrictions In the following circumstances, we will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: 1. Related to our performance of obligations stipulated by laws and regulations; 2. Directly related to national security and national defense security; 3. Directly related to public security, public health, and major public interests; 4. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments; 5. There is sufficient evidence that the subject of personal information has subjective malice or abuses his rights;6. For the purpose of safeguarding the major legitimate rights and interests of the subject of personal information or other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the authorization and consent of the person concerned; 7. Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations; 8. Involving commercial secrets. (VI) If, according to the relevant provisions on the processing of personal information that are legal and effective at that time, your close relatives have the right to review, copy, correct, and delete your relevant personal information for their own legitimate and legitimate interests after your death, "CFP" encourages you to make other arrangements for your personal information in your will or other estate plan. How we handle the personal information of minors We presume that you have the corresponding civil capacity. The platform is for adults over 18 years old, and we will not intentionally collect personal information from children under the age of 14. If we learn that we have collected personal information from children under the age of 14, we will delete the information and files from our information. If you are a minor, it is recommended that you ask your guardian to read this policy carefully and use our or services or provide us with information with the consent of your guardian. If your guardian does not agree with your use of our services or provision of information to us in accordance with this Policy, please immediately terminate your use of our services and notify us in a timely manner so that we can take appropriate measures.If the guardian finds that we have collected the personal information of minors without the guardian's consent, please contact us at [privacy@cfp.cn] and we will delete the relevant data as soon as possible. How this policy is updated Our commitment to maintaining your privacy will not change, but our platform may continue to develop. When new services and business process changes, we may update our privacy policy to inform you of specific changes. If we make major changes to this privacy policy, we will use reasonable means to notify you and obtain your consent when necessary. However, without your explicit consent, we will not restrict your rights under this policy. We will publish any changes to this policy on a dedicated page and indicate the effective date of each version. For major changes, we will also provide more prominent notices (including notifications through CFP announcements or pop-up prompts). Major changes include but are not limited to: 1. Major changes in service models. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way personal information is used, etc.; 2. Major changes in control rights and other aspects. Such as changes in information controllers caused by mergers and acquisitions, reorganizations, etc.; 3. Changes in the main objects of sharing, transfer or public disclosure of personal information; 4. Major changes in the user's personal information processing rights and the way they are exercised; 5. Changes in the responsible department, contact information and complaint channels for handling personal information protection;We will post a new Privacy Policy on the CFP platform to notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy. The most recent revision of the Privacy Policy is identified at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. You are responsible for ensuring that we have the latest valid and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our services and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes. How you can contact us You can contact us by sending an email to [privacy@cfp.cn]. In order to ensure that we can efficiently handle your issues and provide you with timely feedback, you need to submit proof of identity, valid contact information, written request and relevant evidence. We will process your request after verifying your identity. Generally, we will respond to your request within 15 working days. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about the content of this policy, you can contact us through CFP online customer service; please note that we may not respond to questions that are not related to this policy or personal information protection. If you find that your personal information may have been leaked, you can report it through [privacy@cfp.cn]. If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing behavior has damaged your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek a solution by initiating arbitration at the Changzhou Arbitration Commission of Jiangsu Province in accordance with its currently effective arbitration rules. The arbitration language is Chinese.