Privacy Policy of Kujiale Platform Hangzhou Qunhe Information Technology Co., Ltd. (registered address: Room 806, Building 1, Yuejuncheng, No. 586, Dongning Road, Shangcheng District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, hereinafter referred to as "we" or "Qunhe") is the operator of Kujiale website/client (including personal version and enterprise version), Cool Master website/client (including personal version and enterprise version), Kujiale enterprise version application trial page, Meijian website/client (enterprise version) (collectively referred to as "Kujiale Platform"). We attach great importance to protecting the personal information and privacy of users (hereinafter referred to as "you"). When you register, log in and use the Kujiale platform, we will collect, use, store and provide your relevant personal information to the outside. In order to present our processing of your personal information, we have specially formulated the "Kujiale Platform Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this Privacy Policy"), and we promise to strictly handle your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to the Kujiale platform, not to other products or services provided by Qunhe and its affiliates, nor to information collected by third parties who access the Kujiale platform to provide you with products or services. We hereby remind you:Before you register and log in to the Kujiale platform, please be sure to read this Privacy Policy carefully and fully understand the terms, including but not limited to the terms that exempt or limit our liability, so that you can make the choices you think are appropriate in accordance with the guidance of this Privacy Policy. We strive to use easy-to-understand and concise words or expressions for the relevant terms involved in this Privacy Policy, and use bold processing for the terms and personal information in this Privacy Policy that are of great relevance to your rights and interests to remind you to pay attention. You know and confirm that when you check "Agree" to this Privacy Policy, it means that you agree that we will process your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, comments and suggestions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us through the contact information stated in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following: 1. How we collect your personal information 2. How we use your personal information 3. How we store your personal information 4. How we entrust the processing, external provision, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information 5. How we protect your personal information 6. How you manage your personal information 7. How we protect the personal information of minors 8. Notices and revisions 9. How to contact us 1. How we collect your personal information (1) Circumstances in which we collect your personal information We will only collect and use your personal information for the following purposes: Registration, login, and information completionWhen you register and log in to the Kujiale platform with your mobile phone number, we need to collect your mobile phone number and SMS verification code. We collect the above information to help you complete the registration of the Kujiale platform account and protect the security of your account. If you do not provide such information, we will not be able to create an account for you and provide services to you normally. When you register and log in to the Kujiale platform with a third-party account, we need to collect your third-party account avatar, nickname and the third-party open platform user ID (WeChat user ID is OpenID). We collect the above information to help you complete the registration of the Kujiale platform account and protect the security of your account. If you do not provide such information, we will not be able to create an account for you and provide services to you normally. If you are a corporate account, when you register a Kujiale platform account, you may need to provide us with your email, name, urTokern, and initial password. We collect the above information to help you complete the registration or activation of the Kujiale platform account and protect the security of your account. If you do not provide such information, we will not be able to create an account for you and provide services to you normally.If you are a corporate account, when you apply to open a sub-account of the Kujiale platform corporate account, you may need to provide us with your name, email address, login password, and mobile phone number. We collect your above information to help you complete the sub-account opening of the Kujiale platform corporate account and protect your account security. If you do not provide such information, we will not be able to create a sub-account for you and provide you with services normally. Please note that the Kujiale platform and the Modaiyun (website: https://www.modaiyun.com/) and Meijian platform (website: https://www.meijian.io/home) personal accounts use the same account system. If you successfully register a Kujiale platform account, you can use such account to log in to the Modaiyun and Meijian platforms. Account binding and settings After logging in to the Kujiale platform, you can complete or modify your security information on the account settings page. We need to collect your login password, mobile phone number, SMS verification code, and bound email address. We collect your above information to protect your account security. If you are unwilling to provide the above information, it will not affect your use of the basic functions of the Kujiale platform.In addition, you can complete your basic information on the account settings page, and choose to fill in or check your basic information (including nickname, avatar, gender, city), company information (including occupation, company name, years in the industry, company size), industry information (including decoration companies, hard decoration industry, soft decoration industry, customization industry, public decoration), and identity tags. We collect your above information in order to understand your industry positioning and needs. Your above personal information will help us provide you with more accurate services and a better product experience. If you are unwilling to provide the above supplementary information, it will not affect your use of the basic functions of the Cool Home platform. Data Authentication When you perform real-name authentication in the account settings, you should first bind your mobile phone number or email address to your account and submit your real name and ID number. We collect the above personal information to help you improve your reputation and attract customers. If you do not perform real-name authentication, it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Cool Home platform.When you perform student authentication in the account settings, we need to collect your real name, ID number, and student status authentication verification code. We will obtain your school name, major, and school time from the China Higher Education Student Information and Career Center based on the student status authentication verification code you provide. We collect the above information to verify your student status so that we can provide you with student preferential rights and interests. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you will not be able to complete the student authentication and enjoy the exclusive rights and interests during your school years, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Kujiale platform. When you bind a bank card on the account settings page, you need to provide your bank card opening bank, branch, location, bank card account number, and real name. We collect the above information for you to participate in Kujiale platform trading activities. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to make payments through bank transfers on the Kujiale platform, so that you will not be able to participate in Kujiale platform trading activities, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Kujiale platform. Search tool When you use the search tool, we need to collect your search history. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to use the search function we provide to you, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Kujiale platform. Design toolWhen you use the design tools we provide you with (such as 3D cloud design tools, construction drawing tools, quick-build smart design, plumbing and electrical tools, virtual studio photography, and multi-dimensional building), we need to collect your solution information (such as solution name, solution city, solution community), uploaded design materials (such as floor plans, copy drawings, CAD models), annotation information (such as size, text), screening conditions (such as space, total house area, style, room), floor parameters (such as current floor, floor area, floor height, floor thickness), network behavior track (such as number of clicks, number of uses), and final design plan (such as solution name, solution community). We collect the above information so that you can use such design tools smoothly. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to use the design tools we provide to you, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Cool Home platform. Smart Design Management When you use the smart design management function, you need to provide your solution information (such as solution name, style, introduction and solution content). We collect the above information to help you quickly build a model room. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to use the intelligent design management function we provide to you, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Kujiale platform. Project ManagementWhen you use the project management function, you need to fill in your project information (including the projects you created and participated in), specifically: project creator, project name, creation time, associated plan, project community, project notes, project proposal, change record, and mobile phone numbers of other project participants. We collect the above information to assist you in managing your project. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to use the project management function we provide to you, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Kujiale platform. If you set project permissions for your project members, or if you are a member of someone else's project and someone else sets project permissions for you, we will collect the permission information and network behavior track (such as the number of clicks) of you and your work partners to facilitate you and your work partners to carry out projects. If you do not agree to provide the above information, it will affect your normal management of your project and make you unable to use the project management function we provide to you. Product Management If you need to implement the product management function, you need to upload the relevant products and fill in the product name. You can also choose to fill in the product model, product code, brand series, product size, material, price, purchase link, package name, and package description to facilitate your product management function. If you do not provide such information, you will not be able to use the product management function, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Kujula platform.If you intend to authorize/share products with others, we need to collect the account name, email address, mobile phone number, authorization/sharing content, authorization/sharing initiation time, receiving method, product type, sharing validity period, sharing status, and network behavior track (such as number of clicks) of the authorized person/recipient to assist you in realizing the product authorization/sharing function. We will transmit your Coolhome platform account name, mobile phone number, email address, and sharing content to the shared party. We collect the above information so that you and your recipient can access and manage the products. If you do not provide such information, you will not be able to realize the product authorization/sharing function, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Coolhome platform. If others authorize/share products with you, we need to collect your authorization/product reception record, including the authorization/sharing initiation time, the name of the authorizer/sharer, mobile phone number, email address, receiving method, and network behavior track (such as number of clicks) to assist you in managing your authorization/receiving record. If you do not provide such information, you will be authorized or unable to receive the products shared with you by others, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Coolhome platform. Inspiration LibraryWhen you use the inspiration library function, we need to collect your collection model information (including name, rendering category, creation time, collection time, product size, brand series, sales link, purchase link), purchased model information (points purchase record, RMB purchase record), collection plan information (collection plan style, renderings), network behavior track (such as number of clicks, number of uses). We collect the above information for your use of the inspiration library. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to use the inspiration library service we provide to you, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Cool Home platform. Marketing tools When you use the marketing tools we provide to you (such as panoramic short videos, growth animations, and cool business cards), we need to collect the products, materials, network behavior tracks (such as number of clicks, number of uses), and the final production results (such as photos and videos) you upload. We collect the above information for your use of the marketing function. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to use the marketing tool function we provide to you, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Cool Home platform. Cool Master ModelingWhen you use the Cool Master modeling function we provide for you, we need to collect the materials you upload, model names, model categories, smart models (such as geometric bodies, doors and windows, cabinets, tables), rendering records, album records, network behavior tracks (such as number of clicks, number of uses), and the final model. We collect the above information so that you can complete the modeling. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to use the Cool Master modeling function we provide to you, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Cool Home platform. Merchant backend management When you use our merchant backend management function, we need to collect your organization member nickname, avatar, mobile phone number, email, department, account privileges, account activation and end time, network behavior tracks (such as number of clicks, number of uses). We collect the above information so that you can complete the merchant backend management. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to use the merchant backend management, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Cool Home platform. Demand matchingIf you are a designer, you can choose to fill in your personal information on your personal homepage, including years of design experience, styles you are good at, service areas, location, service types, personal resume, award information, number of designs, number of collections, and number of outstanding works. We collect the above information for your self-presentation. If you do not complete the above information, it may not be convenient for others to understand you and match you with resources suitable for your business, brand, etc., but it will not affect your normal use of other services. If you are an owner, you can choose to complete your decoration needs, including the city of the house, the current status of the house, the area of ​​the house, the house type, style preferences, and mobile phone number. We collect the above information to understand your needs. If you do not complete the above information, it may not be convenient for others to understand you and match you with designers, brands and other resources suitable for you, but it will not affect your normal use of other services. Order paymentWhen you make payment settlement on the Kujiale platform, we need to collect your order information and transaction status. We will obtain some of your user information (such as name, bank card type and card number, WeChat OpenID, Alipay payment user ID) and information on whether the payment is successful from WeChat, Alipay, and the payment bank. We collect the above information to confirm your order status to provide you with services, protect your property safety, and handle user disputes. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to purchase value-added services (such as membership services, etc.) due to the inability to complete payment settlement, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Kujiale platform. Browse, comment, copy, collect, follow and share If you browse, comment or copy other users' models or materials, we need to collect service log information, comment records, and copy records including your browsing history. We collect the above information to assist you in realizing browsing, commenting and commenting functions. If you do not want us to collect the above information, we will not be able to assist you in browsing, commenting and copying the content you are interested in, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Kujiale platform.If you collect goods or services that you are interested in, follow merchants, brands or other users that you are interested in, or share information through third-party platforms (Weibo, WeChat, QQ), we need to collect service log information including your collection, attention and sharing history. We collect the above information to assist you in realizing the collection, attention and sharing functions. If you do not want us to collect the above information, we will not be able to assist you in collecting, following and sharing the content that you are interested in, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Kujiale platform. Meijian Enterprise Rights When you use the Meijian design tool, we need to collect your uploaded design materials, network behavior tracks, final design plans, and text information in the plan. We collect the above information for your use of the Meijian design tool. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to use the Meijian design tool, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Kujiale platform. When you use the Meijian enterprise material library function, we need to collect the material files and material information uploaded by you. We collect the above information for your use and management of enterprise materials. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to use the Meijian enterprise material library function, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Kujiale platform.When you use the enterprise management function, we need to collect the nickname, avatar, mobile phone number, email address, department, account privileges, account activation and end time, creator of the filter, and network behavior track (such as number of clicks and number of uses) of your organization members. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to use the Meijian enterprise management function, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Kujiale platform. You can also choose to set the name and logo of your company and set the company jump address. If you set it, we will collect this part of information. When you use the Meijian marketing content design and management comprehensive solution, we need to collect your company name and mobile phone number. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to use the Meijian marketing content design and management comprehensive solution, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Kujiale platform. Experience, points or ability certification When you participate in an event, we need to collect your record of participating in the event, the experience and points you have obtained, the rights and interests redemption record, and the network behavior track (such as click location, click time). We collect the above information to assist you in obtaining free or preferential services. If you do not agree with us collecting the above information, you may not be able to obtain and use experience or points, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Kujula platform.When you use the capability certification or certification center, we need to collect the name of your designer capability level, the completion of the assessment task, the submission of the assessment plan, the certification obtained, and the certificate record obtained. We collect the above information to assist you in obtaining certification and attract more customers. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to complete the capability certification, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Cool Home platform. Invitation registration When you invite friends to use the Cool Home platform, we need to collect the points you share. We collect the above information to reward you for inviting friends to register. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to obtain the rewards we provide for you to invite friends, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Cool Home platform. Enterprise application trial When you apply for a corporate account trial, we need to collect the company name, your position, contact number, verification code, and real name you fill in. We collect the above information to facilitate contact with you and open a corporate trial account. If you do not want us to collect the above information, you will not be able to apply for opening a corporate trial account, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Cool Home platform. AI image generationWhen you use the AI ​​picture generation (such as Coolhome AI, Studio Photography 2.0) function, we need to collect the picture information you uploaded and the keywords you selected and filled in (such as style model, description of the picture, creation mode). We collect the above information in order for you to use the AI ​​picture generation function. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to use the AI ​​picture generation service we provide to you, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Coolhome platform. AI Q&A When you use the AI ​​Q&A (such as Coolhome AI Q&A Assistant, Cool Cloud Exhibition Intelligent Knowledge Q&A) function, we need to collect and analyze the keywords of the questions you ask. We collect the above information in order to help you solve problems related to the use of Coolhome tools or the Cool Cloud Exhibition platform through AI Q&A. If you do not agree to our collection of the above information, you may not be able to use the AI ​​Q&A service we provide to you, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Coolhome platform. Handling Infringement NoticeIf you find that the content uploaded by users on the Coolhome platform infringes your intellectual property rights, you send us an infringement notice in accordance with the "Intellectual Property Infringement Complaint and Handling Procedures" published by the Coolhome platform. We will collect your name, copies of identity documents (such as ID card, passport), mobile phone number, telephone number, mailing address, fax and email, and power of attorney that you actively submit to us. If you do not agree to provide the above information, the infringement notice may not constitute a qualified infringement notice, which may cause your complaint to fail, but will not affect your normal use of other business functions of the Coolhome platform. Ensure the basic security of network access and services In order to ensure the security of the service, we need to collect your unique device identifier, IP address, access date and time, and service log information. We collect your above information to ensure the safe operation of the application. If you do not provide the above information, we cannot guarantee the safe operation of the application during your use. Customer ServiceWhen you make inquiries, complaints, suggestions or feedback to us through our feedback system, in order to facilitate contact with you, help you solve the problem as soon as possible or record the solution and results of the relevant problem, we need to collect the conversation record between you and us, the account information you provide, the contact information you provide, and the information you provide to prove the relevant facts (such as problem description, attachments). We collect the above information to complete customer service. If you do not provide such information, your complaints, suggestions and feedback may not be handled in a timely and effective manner, but it will not affect your normal use of our other services. Please understand that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a function or service is not in the above description and collects your information, we will explain the content, scope and purpose of information collection to you through page prompts, website announcements, etc., in order to obtain your consent. (II) The situation in which we collect other people's personal information When you use project management and product management, you need to provide the corresponding personal information of other people under the above functions. Before providing the above personal information, you need to ensure that you have obtained its valid and complete authorization consent. (III) Device permission call situation During your use of the Kujiale platform, we need to apply to you for device permissions within the necessary scope. Please be aware that we will not enable the permissions of your device by default. Only when you actively confirm to enable them, the Kujula platform may collect your information through device permissions.If you wish to close permissions after the first authorization to open permissions, you can choose to close permissions in the settings of the device, then we will no longer continue to collect and use your personal information, and we will not be able to provide you with the above-mentioned functions corresponding to these authorizations. Your decision to close permissions will not affect the processing of personal information previously performed based on your authorization. If you want to view the permissions called by the Coolhome platform, the purpose of calling permissions, and the details asked of you before calling permissions, please click "Coolhome Platform Device Permission Application and Usage Details". (IV) How we use Cookies and similar technologies We may collect and use your information through cookies, web beacons, etc., and store such information as log information. You can choose to reject cookies by modifying your browser settings, but you may not be able to log in or use the services or functions we provide that rely on cookies. The purpose of collecting information using our own cookies, web beacons, etc. is to provide you with better services, and its main uses are: to identify and remember your user identity; to save the user preferences and other information you provide to us; to analyze your use of our services and your activity preferences; to recommend, display, and push content or accounts that you may be interested in; and to optimize advertising for recommendation services. We use cookies, web beacons, etc. to collect information for the purpose of providing you with better services.The targeted push service provided to you by beacon and other means is mainly realized through private messages, notification messages or other means. If you do not want to accept the targeted push service we provide to you, you can turn it off through "My-Settings-Targeted Push". (V) In the following circumstances, we do not need to obtain your consent to process your personal information: It is necessary to conclude and perform the contract to which you are a party; It is necessary to perform statutory duties or obligations; It is necessary to respond to public health emergencies, or to protect the life, health and property safety of natural persons in emergencies; It is necessary to implement news reporting, public opinion supervision and other behaviors for the public interest, and process personal information within a reasonable scope; In accordance with the law, process your personal information that you have disclosed or other personal information that has been legally disclosed within a reasonable scope; Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations. 2. How we use your personal information We will use it according to the above-mentioned purpose of collecting personal information in order to realize the functions of our products and/or services. The sensitive personal information we collect has been displayed in this privacy policy with prominent signs; if your separate consent is required, we will obtain your separate consent before collection. Please be aware that once your sensitive personal information is leaked, tampered with or illegally used, it will cause damage to your personal or property safety. To prevent your sensitive personal information from being leaked or used illegally, we have taken appropriate technical and management protection measures to do our best to ensure the security of your personal information.Please note that all personal information you provide when using our products and/or services will continue to be authorized for us to use during your use of our products and/or services, unless you delete it or refuse us to collect it through system settings. When you cancel your account, we will stop using and delete or anonymize your personal information. At that time, if you re-register your account, we will not be able to restore your previous information. Please note that since the Kujiale platform, the Mold Bag Cloud platform and the Meijian platform use the same personal account system, if you successfully register a Kujiale platform account, the personal information you provide when registering or applying to open an account will be synchronized to the Mold Bag Cloud platform and the Meijian platform. With the upgrade and iteration of our products and services, we may adjust the business functions described in this privacy policy and the corresponding types of personal information collected and used. When new functions or services are related to the functions or services we currently provide, the personal information collected and used will be directly or reasonably related to the original processing purpose. When we use your personal information for scenarios that are not directly or reasonably related to the original processing purpose, or for other purposes not specified in this Privacy Policy, or when we use information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will update this Privacy Policy, relevant product pages and other privacy documents, and inform you through pop-ups, in-site messages, push messages and other methods, and ask for your consent in advance; if the information is sensitive personal information, we will obtain your separate consent. III. How we store your personal information (I) Storage locationIn accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, we will store your personal information collected and generated during domestic operations within the territory of the People's Republic of China. At present, we will not transfer the above information overseas. If we transfer it overseas in the future, we will act in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. (II) Storage period We will only store your personal information for the shortest storage period necessary for the purpose of providing services. After the expiration of the aforementioned period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. IV. How we entrust processing, provide externally, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information (I) Entrusted processing We may entrust a third-party service provider to process your information on our behalf so that the third-party service provider can help us provide professional services. The above-mentioned entrusted processing behavior is subject to the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, and we will require the entrusted institution to comply with strict confidentiality obligations and take effective confidentiality measures through written agreements, audits, etc., and prohibit it from using the entrusted information for purposes other than the entrusted purpose. (II) External provision With your separate consent or as necessary for the performance of the service agreement concluded with you, we will provide your personal information to our domestic affiliates or partners to improve service efficiency. You can click to view the "Coolhome Platform Data Sharing Directory" to further understand the circumstances in which your personal information is provided to external parties.In addition to the above circumstances, we will provide your personal information to other companies, organizations or individuals when necessary. At that time, we will inform you of the provision of personal information to others and obtain your separate consent (except for other legal reasons). We will sign a strict sharing agreement with the companies, organizations and individuals that receive your personal information, requiring the recipient to process your personal information in accordance with the provisions of the law, our instructions and the contents of this privacy policy, and requiring the recipient to obtain your consent again when changing the purpose and method of processing. At the same time, we will conduct a personal information protection impact assessment on the recipient before providing your personal information to others, to review whether the recipient's processing purpose and processing method are legal, legitimate and necessary, the impact on your personal rights and security risks, and whether the recipient has taken legal, effective and risk-appropriate technical measures and management measures to ensure the security of personal information. (III) Transfer We may conduct mergers and acquisitions and reorganizations of our business, and your personal information may be transferred as a result. We will require the successor to continue to protect your personal information in accordance with the law and this privacy policy. If the successor changes the original processing purpose and processing method, we will require the successor to obtain your consent again. (IV) Public Disclosure We will display your user identity, nickname, gender, company information, industry information, design experience, style, service area, location, service type, personal resume, and award information to other users of the Kujiale platform.In addition to the provisions of the preceding paragraph, if it is necessary to disclose your personal information publicly, we will obtain your separate consent or meet other conditions required by law. (V) Third-party SDK services In order to provide you with richer and more complete functions, we will use the following third-party software development kits ("SDKs") to provide you with services. For the specific information collection and use of the SDK, please refer to the privacy policy or relevant statements of the SDK operator. Click on the "Coolhome Platform Third-Party SDK Directory" to view the details of the SDKs of our authorized partners. V. How we protect your personal information (I) Security protection measures We attach great importance to the security of user personal information. To this end, we have adopted industry-standard data protection technologies and management measures, such as network isolation, data encryption, employee access control and other measures. Please be aware that although we have taken reasonable measures to protect your information, no system or network is absolutely secure, and we are not responsible for any risks or losses arising therefrom or related thereto. (II) Security incident handlingAfter an unfortunate personal information security incident occurs, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, your suggestions for self-prevention and risk reduction, and your remedial measures. We will promptly inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to issue an announcement. At the same time, we will also report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities. If you have any questions about our personal information protection, you can contact us through the contact information stated in this privacy policy. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially if your account and password have been leaked, please contact us immediately through the contact information stated in this privacy policy so that we can take appropriate measures. VI. How you manage your personal information In accordance with relevant Chinese laws, regulations, national standards, and common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you can exercise the following rights with respect to your personal information: Query and copy your personal information You have the right to query your personal information, and you can query your personal information through the following channels: (1) If you are an individual user, if you wish to query your personal information, such as basic account information, you can click "Account Settings-General Settings" to access it.(2) If you are a corporate user, if you wish to query your personal information, such as basic account information, you can click "Merchant Backstage-My Account-Basic Information" to query. You can also contact us according to the contact information specified in this Privacy Policy to query or copy your personal information. Subject to compliance with relevant legal provisions and technical feasibility, we will provide you with a reproducible copy of your personal information in an appropriate manner within a reasonable period of time. Correction and Supplementation of Your Personal Information If you are an individual user, if you wish to correct or supplement your personal information, such as basic account information, you can click "Account Settings-General Settings" to correct or supplement it, or change your login password in "Account Settings-General Settings-Account Security". If you are a corporate user, if you wish to correct or supplement your account information, such as basic account information, you can click "Merchant Backstage-My Account-Basic Information" to correct or supplement it. At the same time, if you find that the personal information we process about you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to request us to make corrections or supplements. You can contact us through the contact information specified in this Privacy Policy. Deleting your personal information You may request us to delete your personal information in the following circumstances: (1) If our processing of your personal information violates laws and regulations; (2) If you withdraw your consent to process your personal information; (3) If our processing of your personal information violates the agreement with you; (4)If our processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or it is no longer necessary to use your personal information to achieve the processing purpose; (5) If you no longer use our products or services, or you cancel your account; (6) If we no longer provide you with products or services, or the storage period has expired; (7) Other circumstances required by law. If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entity that obtained your personal information from us and require it to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise required by law or these entities obtain your independent authorization. Change the scope of your authorization Each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. For the collection and use of additional personal information, you can give or withdraw your authorization at any time. You can contact us through the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy to make authorization changes. Please understand that when you withdraw your consent, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent, but it will not affect the personal information processing services previously carried out based on your authorization. Cancel account If you wish to cancel your account, you can contact us through the method specified in this Privacy Policy, and we will respond to your request in a timely manner. Your cancellation of the above account is irreversible. We will stop providing you with products or services, no longer collect your personal information, and delete or anonymize the personal information related to your account according to your request. Transfer your personal informationIf you need to transfer your personal information to other platforms, companies or organizations, you can contact us through the contact information specified in this Privacy Policy. We will review your request and provide you with a way to transfer the relevant personal information if it meets the conditions stipulated by the cybersecurity and informatization department and is technically feasible. Right to explanation If you have any questions about our personal information processing rules, you can contact us through the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy and we will explain the relevant personal information processing rules to you. Right to limit or refuse processing Under the premise of complying with legal provisions, you have the right to limit or refuse our processing of your personal information. If you want to exercise this right, you can contact us through the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy and we will respond as soon as possible after receiving your request. Other personal information rights If you do not contact us to make special arrangements, your close relatives can exercise the above-mentioned rights to review, copy, correct, delete, etc. on your personal information after your death, in accordance with relevant legal provisions. Complaints and reports If you have any questions about how we handle your personal information and believe that our personal information processing behavior has damaged your legal rights and interests, you can provide feedback through [Others]-[Report] at the bottom of the official website homepage or complain or report to us through the contact information specified in this Privacy Policy. We will respond within 15 days or within the period specified by law. Respond to your above requestTo ensure security, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. We will respond within 15 days or within the period prescribed by laws and regulations. In principle, we do not charge fees for your reasonable requests, but we will charge a certain cost fee for requests that are repeated without reason or exceed reasonable limits. Exceptions to response situations We will not be able to respond to your request in the following circumstances: (1) related to our performance of obligations prescribed by laws and regulations; (2) directly related to national security and national defense security; (3) directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests; (4) directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments; (5) we have sufficient evidence to show that the user has subjective malice or abuses his rights; (6) for the purpose of safeguarding the major legitimate rights and interests of the user or other individuals such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person concerned; (7) responding to the user's request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals or organizations; (8) involving commercial secrets. VII. How we protect the personal information of minorsOur products and/or services are intended for adults, and we will not actively collect personal information from minors. If you are a minor under the age of 14, please do not register and use our services. If you are a minor aged between 14 and 18, please obtain the authorization and consent of your guardian before registering and using our products and/or services. If there is evidence that we have collected personal information of minors without verifying their age or obtaining verifiable guardian consent, we will try to delete the relevant information as soon as possible after knowing and verifying it. VIII. Notice and Revision In order to provide you with better services and as the business of the Kujiale platform develops, this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on this page. For major changes, we will also provide more prominent notices (we may explain the specific changes to the Privacy Policy by making special reminders on the browsing page, etc.). Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce the rights you should enjoy under this Privacy Policy. Major changes referred to in this Privacy Policy include but are not limited to: (1) Major changes in our service model. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, how personal information is used, etc.; (2) We have major changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, etc., such as changes in owners caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy, mergers and acquisitions, etc.; (3) The main objects to which personal information is provided, transferred or disclosed to the outside have changed;(4) There are major changes in your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and how to exercise them; (5) When there are changes in the responsible department, contact information and complaint channels for handling personal information security; (6) When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates a high risk. 3. We will also archive the old version of this Privacy Policy for your reference. IX. How to Contact Us If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy or related matters of personal information protection, you can contact our personal information protection officer through the following email: Contact email: kujiale-sec@qunhemail.com You can also send your written questions, comments or suggestions to the customer service department through the following address: Name: Customer Service Department of Hangzhou Qunhe Information Technology Co., Ltd. Address: 11th Floor, Building 1, Matrix International, No. 515 Yuhangtang Road, Gongshu District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province Or you can also contact the customer service department through the following phone: Contact phone: 0571-28274566 Generally, we will reply within 15 days or within the period prescribed by laws and regulations. If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, and we still refuse to make improvements after your feedback, you can also file a complaint or report to the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cyberspace Administration of China, Industry and Information Technology, Public Security Bureau, and Industry and Commerce Bureau, or seek a solution by filing a lawsuit in a court with jurisdiction over the defendant's place of residence.