User Agreement Updated on: September 1, 2022 Effective on: September 15, 2022 1. Introduction 1.1 Welcome to Billfish products and related services! Billfish products and related services (hereinafter referred to as "this product and related services") refer to the various functions and services provided to you by products marked with the name Billfish, which are legally owned and operated by Suzhou Longzui Fish Software Co., Ltd. and its affiliates (hereinafter referred to as "we"). The "User Agreement" (hereinafter referred to as "this Agreement") is an agreement between you and us regarding your access, registration, login, installation, and use (hereinafter collectively referred to as "use") of this product and related services. 1.2 In order to better provide you with services, please read and fully understand this Agreement before you start using this product and related services, especially the terms involving exemption or limitation of liability, terms of rights license and information use, applicable law and dispute resolution, etc. Among them, important contents such as exemption or limitation of liability clauses will be highlighted in bold, underlined, etc., and you should read them carefully. 1.3 If you are a minor, you and your legal guardian should carefully read, fully understand and agree to this Agreement. You should ensure that you use this product and related services only after you have accepted all the contents of this Agreement and obtained the consent of your legal guardian. 1.4If you do not agree to any of the terms in this Agreement, please do not use this product and related services. You can also choose to stop using this product and related services at any time. If you choose to agree or use this product and related services on your own initiative, it is deemed that you have fully understood this Agreement and agree to be bound by this Agreement and other agreements and rules related to this product and related services (including but not limited to the "Privacy Policy") as a party to this Agreement. 1.5 We have the right to unilaterally decide to arrange or designate affiliates, controlling companies, successor companies or third-party companies recognized by the company to continue to operate the product according to the needs of this product and related services or operations. In addition, certain services involved under this Agreement may be provided to you by the company's affiliates, controlling companies, successor companies or third-party companies recognized by the company. Your knowledge and agreement to accept the relevant service content shall be deemed to accept that the relevant rights and obligations are also subject to this Agreement. 1.6 If you have any questions, comments or suggestions on the contents of this Agreement, please contact us in a timely manner through the official contact information provided by us. 2. This product and related services 2.1To better enhance user experience and services, we will provide updates or changes to this product and related services from time to time (including but not limited to modification, upgrading, functional enhancement, development of new services, replacement of existing content, etc. for this product and related services). To ensure the security of this product and related services and improve user services, after this product and related services are partially or fully updated, we will remind you in an appropriate manner (including but not limited to system prompts, announcements, etc.) where feasible; if you use this product and related services after the update or change occurs, it is deemed that you have fully accepted the adjustments we have made. We reserve the right to unilaterally change or restrict some functional effects due to business development needs, and you shall bear the risks associated with this. 2.2 Unless we have expressly authorized in advance in writing, you shall not access or use this product and related services in any form without authorization, including but not limited to adaptation, copying, mirroring, trading, and using this product as a tool to provide services to others. 2.3 You understand that you need to prepare terminal devices (such as computers, mobile phones, etc.) related to this product and related services by yourself when using this product and related services. Once you visit related websites and services on your terminal devices, it will be deemed that you use this product and related services. In order to fully realize all functions, you may need to connect your terminal devices to the Internet, and you shall bear the necessary expenses (such as traffic fees, Internet access fees, etc.). 2.4We grant you a personal, revocable, non-transferable, non-exclusive and non-commercial right to use this product and related services. You do not own this product. Please note that our authorization to you under this Agreement is only to authorize you to use this product and related services for personal non-commercial purposes. All other rights not expressly authorized are reserved by us. You must obtain our written permission before exercising such rights. At the same time, if we do not exercise any of the above rights, it does not constitute a waiver of such rights. The validity of the authorization depends on the following conditions: (1) The use of this product does not violate this Agreement and the rules of this product. (2) You have obtained the necessary authorization and qualifications to use this product. (3) This Agreement is accepted in its entirety without reservation or modification and has not been violated. (4) You have not infringed our intellectual property rights or other legal rights in any way. 2.5 You may not use this product and related services for any illegal or infringing activities, including but not limited to using the product and related services to infringe on the privacy rights and intellectual property rights of others, using them to display or disseminate pornographic, racist, low-brow, obscene, slanderous, or insulting materials, or disseminating any content that is hateful, discriminatory, infringing, or prejudiced against religion, ethnic tradition, race, gender, or age. 2.6If you find any content in this product and related services that infringes your rights, you can contact us through the contact information we provide and provide evidence that you have relevant rights. We will handle your feedback in a timely manner in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. 3. About "Account" 3.1 This product and related services provide you with a registration channel. The account and password you set are the credentials for logging in and using this product and related services as a registered user. 3.2 Account Cancellation When you need to terminate the use of account services, you can apply to cancel your account if you meet the following conditions: (1) You can only apply to cancel your own account and cancel it in accordance with our procedures; (2) You shall still bear the corresponding responsibility for your use of this product and related services before the cancellation of your account; (3) After successful cancellation, the account records, functions, etc. will not be restored or provided; (4) You choose to voluntarily give up all the remaining rights and interests in your account and do not require us to provide any form of compensation or compensation. If you need to cancel your account, you can contact us through official channels to request cancellation of your account. We will complete the cancellation or negotiate with you to confirm the account cancellation within fifteen working days after receiving your request. 3.3You understand and promise that the account you set up shall not violate national laws, regulations and relevant rules, and your account name and other registration information and other personal information shall not contain illegal and negative information. You shall not open an account in the name of others (including but not limited to impersonating others' names, titles, avatars, etc. or taking other methods that are sufficient to cause confusion) without their permission, and you shall not maliciously register accounts (including but not limited to frequent registration, batch registration of accounts, etc.). You must abide by relevant laws and regulations during account registration and use, and shall not engage in any behavior that infringes on national interests, damages the legitimate rights and interests of other citizens, or is harmful to social morality. We have the right to review the registration information you submit, but our review does not establish any obligations for us. 3.4 The account you register is limited to your own use. Without our written consent, it is prohibited to give, lend, rent, transfer, sell or otherwise permit others to use the account in any form. If we discover or have reasonable grounds to believe that the user is not the original registrant of the account, in order to protect the security of the account, we have the right to immediately suspend or terminate the provision of services to the registered account, and have the right to permanently disable the account. 3.5You are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your personal account and password, and assume all legal responsibilities for the activities you engage in under the name of your registered account, including but not limited to all legal responsibilities that may arise from any data modification, payment and other operations you perform on this product and related services. You should attach great importance to the confidentiality of your account and password, and do not disclose your account and password to others under any circumstances. If you find that someone else is using your account without permission or any other security vulnerability occurs, you should notify us immediately. 3.6 If you forget your account information or cannot log in through your account due to other circumstances, you can contact us to request to retrieve your account information. You understand and acknowledge that the account retrieval mechanism only identifies whether the information provided by the applicant is consistent with the background information, and cannot guarantee whether the applicant is the real authorized user of the account. We especially remind you to keep your account information properly. When you have finished using it, you should log out. If your account is stolen or your password is lost due to your own reasons such as improper storage or other force majeure, you shall bear the corresponding responsibility. 3.7 When registering, using and managing an account, you shall ensure the authenticity of the identity information you fill in when registering an account. Please use true, accurate, legal and valid relevant identity documents and necessary information when registering and managing an account. 3.8 In addition to registering an account yourself, you may also choose to log in and use this product and related services by authorizing the use of other product or platform user accounts that you legally own, including but not limited to our and/or its affiliates.3.9 You understand and agree that, in addition to logging in and using this product and related services, you may also use your account to log in and use other products and services provided by us, our affiliates or other partners. When you log in and use the aforementioned services with your account, you shall also be subject to the user agreements and other terms of agreement of the actual providers of other products and services. Your account's avatar, nickname and other public information may be synchronized. 3.10 After you have completed account registration, logged in and performed reasonable and necessary identity verification, you may request us to query and correct the personal identity information you submitted. You understand and agree that for security and identity identification (such as account information or password retrieval services, etc.), you may not be able to modify the initial registration information and other verification information provided during registration. You may also apply to cancel your account. We will assist you in canceling your account after completing reasonable and necessary verification of personal identity, security status, device information, infringement complaints, etc., and delete all information about your account in accordance with your request, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations. 4. Protection of User Personal InformationWe are committed to protecting your personal information (i.e., information that can identify you independently or in combination with other information) with you. Protecting user personal information is one of our basic principles. In the process of using this product and related services, you may need to provide your personal information (including but not limited to your name, phone number, location information, device information, etc.) so that we can provide you with better services and corresponding technical support. We will protect your rights to browse, correct, delete relevant personal information and withdraw authorization in accordance with the law, and will use encryption technology, anonymization processing and other technical measures and other security measures that match this product and related services to protect your personal information. For more information about the protection of your personal information, please refer to the "Privacy Policy". If there is any inconsistency between this Agreement and the "Privacy Policy", the content of the "Privacy Policy" shall prevail. 5. User Behavior Code 5.1 User Behavior Requirements You shall be responsible for your behavior in using this product and related services. Unless permitted by law or with our prior written permission, you shall not use this product and related services in the following ways: 5.1.1 Use any plug-in, plug-in, system or third-party tool that is not authorized or permitted by us to interfere with, destroy, modify or otherwise affect the normal operation of this product and related services. 5.1.2 Use or target this product and related services to conduct any behavior that endangers computer network security, including but not limited to:(1) Activities that endanger network security, such as illegally intruding into the network, interfering with the normal functions of the network, stealing network data, etc.; (2) Providing programs and tools specifically used to engage in activities that endanger network security, such as intruding into the network, interfering with the normal functions and protective measures of the network, stealing network data, etc.; (3) Providing technical support and other assistance to others who are aware that they are engaged in activities that endanger network security; (4) Using unauthorized data or entering unauthorized servers/accounts; (5) Entering public computer networks or other people's computer systems without permission and deleting, modifying, or adding stored information; (6) Attempting to explore, scan, test the weaknesses of the system or network without permission, or other acts that undermine network security; (7) Attempting to interfere with or disrupt the normal operation of the system or website, deliberately spreading malicious programs or viruses, and other acts that undermine and interfere with normal network information services; (8) Reverse engineering, reverse assembly, compilation, or other attempts to discover the source code of this product and related services; (9) Malicious registration of accounts, including but not limited to frequent and batch registration of accounts; (10) Other acts that violate laws and regulations, this Agreement, our relevant rules, and infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of others. 5.1.3If we have reason to believe that your behavior violates or may violate the above agreement, we may independently judge and deal with it, and have the right to terminate the provision of services to you at any time without prior notice, and pursue relevant responsibilities in accordance with the law. Please note that this does not mean that we guarantee that we can deal with all breaches of contract by you or other users in a timely manner, nor does it create any obligations for us. 5.1.4 If you actively delete the material files stored in Billfish, or actively delete or modify the relevant components of Billfish, your material files may not be able to be retrieved. You are aware of and bear the relevant responsibilities. 6. Cloud Space 6.1 Your personal files are only stored in the private cloud, and you retain all intellectual property rights for all files in the private cloud. Please ensure that the content you save to the Billfish cloud space is completely legal. If you save illegal content and cause corresponding losses and consequences, you will bear them yourself. Billfish has the right to unilaterally delete illegal files, cancel access and editing permissions, or take other actions. 7. Breach of Contract Handling 7.1In response to your violation of this Agreement or other terms of service, we have the right to independently judge and take measures such as early warning, deletion of content, restriction of part or all functions of the account until the termination of service provision, permanent closure of the account, etc., depending on the circumstances. We do not assume any responsibility for the consequences of your inability to use the account and related services normally, inability to obtain assets or other rights and interests in your account normally, etc. We have the right to announce the handling results and decide whether to restore the use of the relevant account based on the actual situation. For suspected violations of laws and regulations and suspected illegal and criminal acts, we will keep relevant records and have the right to report to the relevant competent authorities, cooperate with the relevant competent authorities in investigations, and report to the public security organs in accordance with the law. We have the right not to restore deleted content. 7.2 If your violation of this Agreement or other terms of service causes complaints or litigation claims from third parties, you shall handle them on your own and bear all legal responsibilities that may arise from this. If we and our affiliates, controlling companies, and successor companies compensate any third party or suffer penalties from state organs due to your illegal or breach of contract behavior, you shall also fully compensate us and our affiliates, controlling companies, and successor companies for all losses suffered as a result. 8. Changes, interruptions and terminations of services 8.1You understand and agree that the products and related services provided by us are provided in accordance with the current status of what can be achieved with existing technology and conditions. We will do our best to provide you with services and ensure the continuity and security of the services. You understand that we cannot foresee and prevent legal, technical and other risks at any time or all the time, including but not limited to service interruptions, inability to use the products and related services normally, and other losses and risks that may be caused by force majeure, network reasons, third-party service defects, third-party websites, etc. 8.2 You understand and agree that we have the right to decide the setting of services/functions and their scope, modify, interrupt, suspend or terminate the products and related services according to the specific circumstances for the needs of overall service operation and platform operation security. 9. Advertisement 9.1 Our company may send you commercial advertisements by email, mobile phone text messages, etc. You can choose to refuse to accept such advertisements. If you choose to refuse, we will no longer provide you with such commercial advertisements through the corresponding channels. 10. Intellectual Property 10.1 The intellectual property rights of the content (including but not limited to products, technologies, programs, web pages, texts, pictures, images, audio, video, etc.) provided by us in the products and related services belong to us. The copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights of the products on which we provide relevant services belong to us and its actual rights holders. No one may use them without permission (including but not limited to using any robot, spider or other10.2 You may not delete any rights mark on this product. 10.3 You may not make any explicit or implicit use of any rights mark contained in this product without authorization. 11. Disclaimer 11.1 You understand and agree that this product and related services may be affected or interfered with by various factors. We do not guarantee (including but not limited to): 11.1.1 This product and related services are fully suitable for the user's use requirements; 11.1.2 This product and related services are not interfered with, timely, safe, reliable or error-free; any products, services or other materials obtained by users from us meet the user's expectations; 11.1.3 Any errors in this product and related services will be corrected. 11.2 Please be cautious about the information you come into contact with during the use of our products and related services and judge its authenticity on your own. We do not assume any direct, indirect, incidental, special, derivative or punitive liability for any losses caused to you by your actions based on the information on our products and related services. 11.3You understand and agree that, in the process of using this product and related services, you may encounter factors such as force majeure (force majeure refers to objective events that cannot be foreseen, overcome or avoided), including but not limited to government actions, natural disasters (such as floods, earthquakes, typhoons, etc.), network reasons, wars, strikes, riots, etc. In the event of force majeure, we will strive to repair it in a timely manner as soon as possible, but we will be exempted from liability within the scope permitted by laws and regulations for the suspension, termination, termination of services or any losses caused by force majeure. 11.4 We have the right to deal with illegal and illegal content in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, which does not constitute our obligation or commitment, and we cannot guarantee that illegal acts will be discovered in time or handled accordingly. 11.5 You understand and agree that: We only provide you with guarantees based on the current actual use of products and related services. Regarding this product and related services, we do not provide any kind of express or implied guarantees or conditions, including but not limited to guarantees for the effectiveness and use of this product and related services. You shall bear the corresponding risks for your use of this product and related services. 11.6 We may keep the files you edit or upload using our products and related services on our servers based on your needs. We are not responsible for the loss of such content, and you agree not to ask us for any compensation. 11.7In no event shall we be liable for any indirect, consequential, punitive, incidental, special or penal damages, including loss of profits arising from your use of this product and related services. Unless otherwise expressly provided by laws and regulations, our total liability to you, regardless of the reason or mode of action, shall never exceed the fees (if any) you paid to us for the period of use of this product and related services. 12. About paid content 12.1 You need to pay to obtain some of the content of this product and related services, and you can choose whether to pay. Please read the specific paid service content, usage rules, validity period, etc. carefully before purchasing. If you have any questions about the specific paid content, please consult us for confirmation in time before purchasing. If there is a separate agreement for some paid functions, you should ensure that you have carefully read, understood and agreed to all the contents of the corresponding agreement before purchasing. 12.2 If a specific service or benefit does not indicate a usage period, or does not specify a usage period of "permanent", "indefinite" or "unlimited", the usage period of these services shall be from the date you start using the service to the date when the service is no longer provided in the product. 13. Terms of Use for Minors 13.1 If you are a minor, you should read and agree to this Agreement carefully under the supervision and guidance of your guardian and with the consent of your guardian before you can use this product and related services. 13.2We attach great importance to the protection of minors' personal information. When filling in personal information, minors should strengthen their awareness of personal protection and treat it with caution. They should use this product and related services correctly with the consent of their guardians and under the guidance of their guardians. 13.3 Minor users and their guardians understand and confirm that if you violate laws and regulations and the contents of this Agreement, you and your guardians shall bear all legal responsibilities that may result from this in accordance with the law. 14. Others 14.1 The establishment, effectiveness, performance, interpretation and dispute resolution of this Agreement shall be subject to the laws of the People's Republic of China. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid due to conflict with the laws of the People's Republic of China, these terms shall be reinterpreted and applied in accordance with the principle of being as close to the original purpose of this Agreement as possible without violating the law, and the other provisions of this Agreement shall still have full validity and effect. 14.2 The signing place of this Agreement is Suzhou Industrial Park, Jiangsu Province, People's Republic of China. If any dispute arises between you and us, both parties shall try to resolve it through friendly negotiation. If the negotiation fails, you agree to submit the dispute to the jurisdiction of the court with jurisdiction over the location of Suzhou Longzui Fish Software Co., Ltd. 14.3 If you have any questions about this Agreement and its execution, please contact us in time for confirmation: Contact: support@Billfish.cn Suzhou Billfish Software Co., Ltd.